\newchapter{Kepler's Nightmare}
\lettrine[lraise=0.1]{L}{ost}, Kepler found himself standing at the edge of the woods, the trees looming taller than ever. Their branches twisted skyward, clawing at the night like skeletal fingers into the air, thick with fog, obscuring the path ahead.

"Cynthia?" he called out, his voice echoing unnaturally.

There was no response, only the distant sound of leaves rustling. He felt compelled to move forward, his feet carrying him along a path he didn't recognize. The ground beneath him was malleable, almost yielding, as if he were walking on moss-covered marshland.

"Kepler," whispered a barely audible voice.

He spun around, searching for the source. Shadows flickered at the edge of his vision, darting between the trees.

"Who's there?" he demanded, his heart pounding.

The fog parted slightly, revealing a silhouette ahead. It was Cynthia, her back to him, wearing tan canvas pants, a blue tank top, and a salmon colored button-up jacket. She had braided her hair and let it draped forward over her left shoulder.

"Cynthia!" he exclaimed, relief flooding through him. Kepler rushed toward her, but no matter how fast he ran, the distance between them seemed to remain the same.

"You left me," she said accusingly, her voice carrying on the wind.

"No," he protested. Desperation crept into his tone. "I wanted to help!"

Cynthia turned slowly to face him, her eyes glinting faintly in the dim light. There was something wrong. They lacked their usual warmth, appearing cold and distant.

"You hesitated," she said, her expression unreadable.

Kepler felt a lump form in his throat. "I was scared. It all happened so fast."

She shook her head slowly. "You could have saved me. You \textit{should} have saved me."

"I wanted to! I... I didn't know what to do," he stammered.

The forest around them darkened further. The trees felt like walls closing in on them. The ground began to crumble beneath Kepler's feet, roots snaking upward to ensnare his ankles.

"You left me alone," Cynthia repeated, her voice echoing ominously.

"I'm sorry!" Kepler cried out, struggling against the roots. "I'm so sorry!"

She remained unmoved, her gaze piercing. "Sorry won't bring me back."

The roots tightened, pulling him downward as the ground gave way to a vast expanse of water. He was submerged instantly. The cold shocked his bones and stole his breath. Above the surface, Cynthia remained standing on the water's surface as if it were solid ground, peering down at Kepler through the ripples.

He thrashed wildly, panic consuming him as he fought to rise. But the more he struggled, the farther into the abyss he sank. The light from above dimmed, replaced by an oppressive darkness.

"You deserve this," her voice echoed from all directions.

Kepler's lungs burned and his vision blurred. He reached upward, hoping to find something, anything, to cling to, but there was nothing but empty water. Then his elbow hit something. He grabbed onto it firmly with both hands and pulled.

In the final moments of the nightmare, he begged, "Please... forgive me," and waited for an answer, feeling the life rip from his chest.

But there was only silence.