\newchapter{Johan}
\lettrine[lraise=0.1]{G}{asping} for air, Kepler woke up with a jolt, his chest heaving. Sweat dampened his forehead and soaked into his shirt. His hands trembled, clutching his blanket tightly.

Apart from the sound of his ragged breathing, the room was still. He glanced toward the window. The glow from Petralum had shifted, signaling the approach of dawn. Beaming hues of pink and orange began to seep into the sky, blending with the lingering darkness. Desi's bed was empty. She must have gotten up already.

Kepler wiped a trembling hand across his face, trying to steady himself. Images from the dream clung to him. The echo of Cynthia's words lingered in his mind, each accusation cutting him to his core.

An unexpected knock at the door startled him.

"Kepler?" his father's voice called. "Are you awake?"

He hesitated before answering. "Yeah, I'm up."

The door opened slightly and Johan peeked in. He was already dressed for his journey wearing his best outfit, though he would have been wearing a suit if he had had one. His hair was neatly combed, parted from the left, sticking up and out to the right. His already laced boots indicated that he was ready to head off to work. His shirt was tucked tight, boots double-knotted, but his smile sagged at the edges.

Johan was the "rise and shine" parent, often prying Kepler's eyelids open to request help on a task that could have been better saved for after breakfast. Kepler could smell the coffee on his father's breath before he spoke.

"May I come in?" Johan asked.

Kepler nodded, pulling the blanket around himself.

Johan entered, and closed the door softly behind him, turning the knob as he pushed it into the frame to keep the latch from clinking. He glanced around the room briefly before focusing on his son. "I wanted to say goodbye before I left. And more importantly, I needed to tell you happy birthday."

Kepler looked down. "You're leaving already?"

"Soon," Johan replied. "I don't want to risk getting stuck in traffic or anything going wrong at the station."

"Oh," Kepler murmured.

The room seemed to shrink, the air packed tightly with unspoken thoughts. Johan shifted his weight, causing a floorboard near Desi's bed to squeak. His fingers tapped a restless rhythm against his leg before he cleared his throat, breaking the heavy quiet. "I know today is going to be hard. I wish I could be here with you. Do you want to talk about her before I leave?"

"No," Kepler said flatly, "I'll be fine. I've got a lot planned for today, anyway."

Johan exhaled deeply, stepping closer. "Glad to hear it," he said. "I got you something if you'd like to open it now."

Kepler noticed now that his father was carrying a pack over one shoulder. Johan pulled it in front of himself, reached into it, and retrieved a linen cloth wrapped tightly around a small box. He extended the gift toward Kepler.

Kepler eyed the package skeptically before taking it. "What is it?"

"You have to open it," Johan said, encouragingly.

Kepler extended an arm and turned his palm up for Johan to place this olive branch of sorts. He pulled it in and carefully unwrapped the cloth to reveal a wooden case with hinges in the middle. Kepler recognized it immediately, as this wasn't the first time this box had been used to deliver a present. Inside, he found a finely engraved, silvery, metal ... pocket watch? No, Kepler quickly discovered that pressing a small button protruding through the bottom caused the front face of the device to spring open, revealing an ornate compass. The needle of the compass, half polished steel, half radiant blue, wobbled gently in its housing.

The interior of the now open lid was etched with the basic outline of Purgis, which was another moon of Petralum and the greatest source of excitement in the weeks leading up to Kepler's birthday. Behind the needle, Kepler spied an inlay in the shape of Snowtap's logo, a simple intersecting hexagon and circle, made from the same luminous blue material as the needle. Kepler winced at the insignia.

"This is a very special compass," Johan said, interrupting Kepler's appraisal of the gift. "It doesn't just point north. If you want, it can to guide you anywhere your heart desires. All you have to do is whisper the destination into it."

"That's not true," said Kepler, turning to look sternly at his father.

"No, of course it isn't," Johan admitted, "but that doesn't mean there's not more to discover. Turn it over."

Kepler turned over the compass to find the underside of the metal housing had been etched with the sigil of a regal looking squirrel lost in thought, stroking its long bushy tail.

Kepler ran his fingers over the engraving. "Thanks, Papa," he said quietly.

"You're welcome," Johan said, with a hint of persuasion. "It's so you don't get lost or forget us when you're exploring today."

"I've never gotten lost," Kepler said, removing the enthusiasm from his voice.

Kepler's fingers closed around the compass pressing the cool metal into his palm and avoiding his father's eyes. "You don't have to worry about me," he said firmly despite the uncertainty flickering across his face.

"Of course I have to worry about you," Johan said gently. "That's what papas do."

Kepler turned toward the bookshelf, looking away from his father. "Then why are you leaving?" he asked.

"Kepler," he started, letting his expression soften further. "You know why. This work is important, and it's an incredible opportunity for all of us."

"Not for me," Kepler muttered.

"I won't be gone long," Johan reasoned. "I'll be back sooner than you think."

Kepler shook his head. "You don't get it."

"Kepler," Johan said, "we all miss her and we need to take time to remember her, but we also have to take time for ourselves. I'll admit it's different for you, but please don't forget to celebrate yourself a little today and remember the good times you had."

Words welled up in Kepler's throat, tangled, then refused to form. The space between Kepler and Johan felt too vast, like an unspoken gulf filling with everything he couldn't say. He swallowed hard, the taste of unvoiced fears bitter on his tongue.

"Sorry," he said, shaking his head. "I know why you have to go and that I'm being selfish. I'll be fine, I promise. I think I just need some more rest."

Johan leaned down, grabbed Kepler by both shoulders, and tapped their foreheads together, a gesture of love carried on from when Kepler was little. He spoke with concern. "All right, but remember, you can talk to me anytime."

"Sure," Kepler replied, pushing into the forehead kiss.

"Take care of your sister while I'm gone," said Johan, pushing himself back upright. "And yourself."

"I will," said Kepler.

Johan gave a faint smile. "Happy birthday, son."

"Thanks, Papa," he replied, forcing a small smile.

With a final nod, his father turned and left the room, the door clicking shut behind him.

Kepler sat there staring at the compass in his hands. It was a thoughtful gift which should have filled him with excitement, yet today it felt like a reminder of how adrift he was. He was angry at himself and his stomach twisted with guilt. He wanted to be okay, to enjoy this day, but he also wanted to sulk and mourn. He wanted to smile and be happy for his father but he also felt an incessant need to keep up the appearance of sadness, as if any crack in the facade would expose the truth that he \textit{could} still feel joy, betraying the memory of his dead best friend.

Maybe he just needed some breakfast and distance from his dreams.

Kepler set the compass on his bedside table, stood up, and stretched his stiff muscles. Having decided that staying cooped up wouldn't help, he got dressed for a quick walk in the woods. Before leaving his room, he took another long look at the compass, stuck it in his pocket, and patted it through the fabric with his palm.

It wasn't quite morning yet. The sun lay just below the horizon, and a symphony of insects announced its arrival. Kepler quietly made his way through the house to the door.

Cool air greeted him as he stepped outside into the quiet village, where most residents were either still asleep or just beginning their day, neatly tucked away inside their homes. Around him were small houses constructed from the stone, brick, wood, dirt, and thatch that were abundant in the area. They blended neatly with the environment appearing as rolling hills with small dwellings on top. The hills themselves acted as walls and roofs for some of the homes.

Kepler wandered aimlessly, making his way gradually to the outskirts of the village. His path led him past a manicured park, through a communal garden with neat rows of vibrant yellow and green, then eventually into the untamed beauty of a forest just east of town.

He paused at the edge of the trees, whose canopy above dulled the already dim twilight. The forest was inviting, foreboding, and smelled of lemon.

The sounds of the village faded behind him, replaced by the rustling of leaves and the distant calls of creatures stirring in the dawn.

Kepler meandered, letting his thoughts tangle like the underbrush. He replayed the dream in his mind, each detail vivid and haunting. Cynthia's accusatory gaze, his helplessness, the darkness closing in.

A root protruding into the path broke him out of the daydream and dropped him to his knees in the dirt. Now was the time to let his frustration bubble over, to let his anger out, and to scream into the forest, but he couldn't find the energy. His knees hit the ground, breath caught in his throat. No scream came. Only stillness. The world shrank around him until all that was left was that small patch of ground.

A spider's eyes reflecting slivers of the breaking dawn.

A few brown leaves, their color long since drained.

Moss, softening the rough edges.

Fingernails, chewed to stumps.

Scars. Memories.

"Kepler?"

Startled, Kepler looked up to see Desi standing a few paces away.

"Desi? What are you doing here?" he asked, springing to his feet and dusting his knees off.

"I was following you and saw you fall," she replied, stepping closer. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah," said Kepler. "I'm okay. Just a little spill."

"We should get back home," she said. "Mom said you need to get dressed nicely today, because we're going to Grandma's house."

"Since when do we dress nicely to go to Grandma's house?" he asked tersely, extending his hand to his sister's and leading her back towards the house.

She raised her shoulders in response. "What are you doing out here?"

"Just... needed some fresh air," said Kepler.

"Papa's gone," said Desi.

"He'll be back," Kepler said, quietly pulling out the compass with his free hand. The needle bounced and jittered with each step, but generally pointed towards some wispy clouds on the horizon. He didn't need direction, but the compass was comforting, a lie he could hold onto. He pressed the cool metal to his lips and whispered, "Home."

The stubborn compass pointed unwaveringly north, decidedly not in the direction of their house. This made Kepler smile briefly, imagining what he might find if he just followed the needle blindly to wherever it may lead. Someday, maybe, but not today.