\newchapter{Grandma}
\lettrine[lraise=0.1]{S}{tretching} out in front of them, long shadows guided Kepler and Desi home. The sun had just cleared the horizon, warming their backs, and the dew still clung to the tall grass along the road's edge. Modest homes clustered around them like weathered stones, dressed in reed-thatched roofs and tangled gardens of mint and violet bloom.

Kepler tilted his head toward the pale morning sky.

Beyond the cloud-swept blue and far past the visible curve, the orbital ring of Snowtap hung silently in the void, too far to see, but easy enough to imagine. He pictured it anyway: the glint of metal, the long corridors of its observation decks, and the rhythm of the ring rotating beneath his feet. By now, his father was probably on the highway, driving away farther than all the distance Kepler had gone in his entire life.

Kepler kicked a pebble off the path and watched it skitter into the weeds.

"Think Papa's made it yet?" Desi asked, as if reading his mind.

"Not yet," said Kepler. "It's really far away."

"I can't wait to hear what floating was like," said Desi.

Kepler didn't respond. He kept his eyes skyward just a little longer, straining as if by sheer will he could pull the ring into view.

As they approached their home, Kepler spotted his mother, Leana, standing at the door. She was a slender woman with soft features and long dark hair, tied back with a strip of faded pink cloth. Despite the early hour, her apron was already dusted with flour.

"Mom," Kepler called out, ascending the lawn. "Why are we going to Grandma's so early and why do we have to dress nicely?"

Leana watched as Kepler and Desi approached. She was holding up a hand to block the sun, casting a shadow over her green eyes. "Good morning to you, too, birthday boy!" she greeted, sidestepping the inquisition. "Did you and your sister enjoy your walk?"

Desi chimed in with a quick, "Yup!"

Kepler crossed his arms undeterred. "Mom, what's going on? Are we bringing breakfast with us?" he asked, spying a basket on the ground beside his mother's feet, lined with a towel from the kitchen and topped with a loaf of bread.

Leana wiped her hands on her apron. She tilted her head and flashed the kind of smile she used when she was hiding something. "Grandma insisted we come over for a special birthday breakfast and I didn't want us to show up empty handed. As for the clothes, we've got a busy day planned and we won't be coming back by the house to get cleaned up."

Kepler raised an eyebrow and scrunched the opposite cheek so high the eye above it nearly shut.  Leana smirked, already bracing for the mock outrage she knew was coming.

"\textit{This} early?" Kepler asked.

With the quickness of a striking snake, Leana thrust her right hand into Kepler's shoulder, spun him around and pulled him back into her gut, squeezing him tightly with both arms. Between four kisses on top of his head she commanded, "I. said. get. dressed."

"I'm telling you we've got serious plans today that I promise are in your best interests, and they start with getting dressed and going to visit your grandma," Leana said, relaxing her grip slightly.

"Okay, okay, okay," said Kepler, conceding to his mother's demands, but he gave in just long enough to be released. He took a few steps towards the door then turned around to ask, "What kind of plans?"

He knew he was only stalling to get a rise out of his mother. Leana also knew this game. In response, she shot him a look that said, "If I catch you, I'm going to tickle you until you pee."

Kepler knew this look.

"I'M GOING!" he screamed out, spinning around and sprinting towards the door, almost tripping over a potted sage bush on the porch.

As she stomped in place to give the illusion of pursuit, Leana called after him, "Wear your good boots! The way might still be muddy from the rain yesterday."

It wasn't long before the trio was headed down a winding path into their village. The morning air was crisp, carrying the scents of dew-kissed grass and the faint aroma of wood smoke from the early risers' hearths. Slowly, the village was waking up. They greeted two gentlemen, bent over discussing how best to liberate a lopsided paver on the walkway, who returned their greeting with a courteous, "Morning." Around the corner, a creak and a clank signaled the opening of a shop's wide front doors.

As they approached a particular cottage nestled between two large sycamore trees, Leana brushed arms with Kepler, extended her hand, and offered to carry the basket for a bit.

"Thanks, but I got it," said Kepler, shaking his head. 

His steps slowed.

His eyes traced the chipped blue paint and the overflowing window boxes. He walked closer, transfixed, trying desperately to stay focused on what was right in front of him, to prevent himself from thinking or remembering. A heaviness settled in his chest, each step forward felt like a betrayal. The neatly trimmed path, lined with new planter boxes and fresh white flowers signaled that the home was expecting visitors, but for now the door and shutters remained closed.

Leana moved so that she was between Kepler and Cynthia's house, placed her hand gently on his shoulder, and softly asked, "How ya doin'?"

Kepler looked up at her, then back at the house. He shook his head, and picked up his pace.

Always uncomfortable with silence, like there was an opportunity cost to not speaking, Desi chimed in with, "I like the new flowers. Are we bringing anything to the memorial tonight?"

"Me, too," said Leanna. "And as a matter of fact we are. Grandma will tell you about it when we get there."

Leaving the main thoroughfare, they took a narrower path that led them through a small orchard. Rows of trees laden with unripened, green fruit arched over the trodden ground, forming a natural tunnel with their branches. Puddles, sometimes big enough to block the entire path, acted as obstacles, forcing them to meander down the otherwise straight trail.

Just beyond the orchard, Kepler's grandmother's house came into view. Like her neighbors, she lived in a small cottage with an overgrown wildflower lawn and cheerfully yellow painted walls. Wind chimes made from seashells and bits of glass tinkled softly from a tree, and a variety of potted plants, many with roots bursting through the bottom, crowded the narrow walkway and steps up to the front door.

Desi barreled forward, eager to be the one to knock, until the door swung open in her face. There in the threshold, stood Grandma Viv, her smile as warm as the morning sun and her arms ready for a hug. Petite like Leana, her face was framed by wisps of grey hair, while the rest was gathered into a loose bun at the nape, a slender ponytail draping over her shoulder.

"Happy birthday, my dear!" she exclaimed, wrapping Desi in a warm embrace. "I love the dress."

"It's not \textit{my} birthday, Grandma," said Desi, catching her breath.

"Desi, little star," said Grandma Viv. "Tell me then, why have I cooked all this food?"

"It's \textit{my} birthday, Grandma," said Kepler, approaching the door.

"Oh, well give me a second I just have to make a tiny correction to some icing," said Grandma Viv, turning back into the house, shutting the door, and leaving Kepler, Desi, and Leana outside.

Desi knocked again until the door opened again. When it did, Kepler was greeted by the smell of fried chicken and freshly baked waffles. His grandmother's signature dish was a family favorite. Inside, the house was cozy and inviting. The low wooden table in the dining area, surrounded by colorful cushions, was already set with mismatched plates and cups.

"Kepler. Desi. Would you two please set out the silverware and pour us some juice?" Leana asked, heading toward the kitchen with her basket.

"Sure, Mom," said Kepler agreeably, accustomed to the routine. His grandmother always kept snacks near the silverware cupboard and he would sneak him and Desi a handful for later while his mother was preoccupied. He found nut clusters and sugar wigs, wrapped a couple of each in a napkin, and slid them into his pocket alongside his new compass.

Leana carried two plates over to the table. One had a pile of crispy chicken, the other, a stack of fluffy waffles, already drizzled with honey. There was considerably less food between these plates than what he had come to expect from his grandmother, which Kepler likely figured was on account of his father not being there.

"You two go ahead and get started," said Leana. "Kepler, I have to ask that you don't eat more than a quarter of a waffle today. We have something exciting planned, and you won't want to have spoiled your appetite."

"Okay, Mom," he replied.

It was just as well. Kepler stared at the food, his stomach twisting too tightly to eat. He placed forks and knives on the table, then sat down cross-legged on one of the cushions while Desi poured drinks for everyone. Even using both hands, she struggled to lift her grandmother's pitcher. Her tongue stuck out subconsciously as she tried desperately not to spill the light green juice onto the table.

The sound of a car pulling up to the house caught Leana's attention, prompting a gesture to her mother-in-law. "On second thought, Kepler, why don't you take a moment to open your gift from Grandma."

"I'm fine waiting until after breakfast, Mom," he responded, cutting a square from one of the waffles. "There's no rush."

"Yes, but I have something special for you that cannot wait," said Grandma Viv. She stepped to her bookshelf and retrieved a neatly wrapped package. The wrapping paper was adorned with hand-painted trees and it was tied with a twine bow. "Happy birthday, my dear."

"Thanks, Grandma," said Kepler, getting back to his feet to accept the gift.

He studied the packaging thoroughly, turning it over in his hands, making sure to give it the attention and appreciation it deserved. It was slightly heavy and book shaped. He passed his grandmother a thoughtful smile before carefully unwrapping the gift, revealing a beautifully bound book titled \textit{Snowtap}: A Traveler's Guide. On the cover was a detailed cutaway drawing of the majestic orbital ring encircling Maerun. His manners having now worn off, he didn't try to hide his disappointment.

"\textit{This} couldn't wait?" said Kepler, coldly.

"Kepler!" snapped Leana.

"It's alright, dear," interrupted his grandmother softly. "Kepler, I know today must be very difficult for you. I'm not offended and honestly I should have expected that. I only thought you might appreciate the book because... you're going to need it today."

He looked up at her, furrowing his brow. "What do you mean?"

But before she could answer, the front door swung open, and Johan stepped inside smiling ear-to-ear.

"Papa?" said Kepler, now more confused than ever. "What are you doing here?"

"Surprise!" said Johan, spreading his arms wide. "Did you really think I'd miss your birthday?"

"But what about Snowtap?" asked Kepler.

"Well, I'm still going," said Johan. "And all my equipment is already loaded in the car. The only thing missing is you and your mother."

Kepler's gaze ping-ponged between his parents, searching for the trick in their faces. His eyes widened, a spark igniting behind his pupils.

"We're coming with you?" he whispered, the words barely escaping his lips. His hands trembled as electricity zipped down his arms barely able to stand still.

"That's right," Johan confirmed. "I only got three of the five tickets I applied for, so I'm taking you and your mother with me instead of my students and your sister's staying here with Grandma."

Kepler's smile faltered. His fingers curled around the book, then slackened. His shoulders drooped, and the gift hung limply at his side. He retreated a step, his gaze dropping to the floor. "I... I can't go," he murmured, his voice tight like a string about to snap.

The room fell silent. Leana's smile faded. "What do you mean, honey?"

"We had plans," Kepler started, his voice strained. "Cynthia's memorial."

Leana reached out to him. "Sweetheart, I spoke with them yesterday. They understand and think it would be good for you to go on this trip."

Kepler jerked back, his ankle catching the corner of the table. The sudden jolt caused the pitcher to tip, nearly spilling. The sound it made, rocking back and forth seemed to echo and amplify his turmoil.

"How could you?" said Kepler. "Today is... it's..." His voice wavered, the words catching in his throat. "I can't just go off on an adventure!"

Johan stepped closer. "Kepler, we knew how hard this day was gonna be for you and we thought that experiencing something new would help. Cynthia loved adventures. She would want you to go."

"Cynthia doesn't want anything," Kepler yelled. The words escaped his mouth much louder than he had intended. "And who's fault is that?"

A long silence filled the air.

Carefully wrapping an arm around Kepler's shoulder, Grandma Viv said, "You're right Kepler. Cynthia doesn't want anything. It may feel selfish, but right now you have to look inside and ask, 'Am I doing what \textit{I} think she \textit{would} have wanted?.' If the answer is 'no,' then you're not disappointing Cynthia. You're disappointing yourself."

Kepler's internal conflict intensified. His nails bit into his palms as he squeezed his fists, jaw twitching with restraint. "You say you understand. You all keep saying that you \textit{know} how hard today is but, you don't."

His voice dropped at the end.

"You can't," he said.

What \textit{would} Cynthia have wanted? She'd have leapt at the chance. Worse, she would have kicked Kepler for this little tantrum he was throwing. Hell, she would have fought to go in his place, cheerfully waving goodbye through the back window as she pulled away with his parents.

But what did Kepler want? Kepler wanted his friend back. He wanted to stop the ache that lived just behind his ribs. The guilt that never left. Some days it was a shadow. Today, it was a scream. No matter how many times everyone said it wasn't his fault, he knew it wasn't true. They weren't there. They don't know what happened. In the days after her death, Kepler tried so desperately to rationalize his actions in that moment that even \textit{he} wasn't completely sure of what really happened. All he knew for certain, is that he left her to die. Alone.

What did Kepler want? He wanted to be a martyr. To atone. And to stop receiving undeserved sympathy. He took a deep breath, the knot in his chest loosening ever so slightly.

"No," he said. "Desi can go instead of me."

"Kepler!" shouted Johan, having exhausted his short fuse. "Stop being so selfish. You have no idea how hard I worked for this or what an incredible opportunity it is for you. You can be sad. You can mourn your friend. But you can't use this sulking as an excuse to stop living your own life. Now say goodbye to Grandma and Desi, and get in the car."

Kepler stormed out of the house without a word, slamming the door behind him.

"Sorry," said Johan, once the air settled. "I could have handled that better."

"Yeah," said Leana with a soft chuckle, embracing Johan in a hug. "Probably should have seen that coming. Let's give him a minute to cool down."

"Good idea," said Johan. "Mom, thanks for watching Desi. Desi, you behave for Grandma. We'll be back tomorrow."

"Love you," said Desi, still sitting at the table with a fork full of uneaten waffle.

"Love you. Bye."