\newchapter{Interruption}
\lettrine[lraise=0.1]{L}{ily} sat cross-legged on the packed earth, picking absent mindedly at the dusty hem of her jeans as Johan paused to rummage in his pack. The crinkle of plastic was loud in the still air as he pulled out a bottle of water. The sun was warming the humid air and had momentarily tucked itself behind some branches.

"Grandpa?" asked Lily, softly.

"Yes, dear," answered Johan, looking over to give her his attention.

His eyes met hers briefly, then focused into the distance behind her, looking through her. Johan looked like he still had so much more he wanted to say, but had taken a moment to quietly relive the memory.

"Can I ask a question?" said Lily.

"Just one?" said Johan, gently bringing himself back to the present. "I'm sure all this must sound a little crazy to you, huh?"

"A \textit{little} crazy?" said Lily, throwing her hands up and breaking the calm between them.

Johan smiled so big his cheeks squished his eyes nearly shut. Letting out a deep laugh, he said, "Oh you mean 'cuz o' Maerun and Petralum 'n such?"

"Ya mean them there alien planets?" said Lily.

"Them's the ones," said Johan.

"Yeah, I got some questions 'bout 'em," said Lily. "But first, what happened to Cynthia and why did Kepler blame himself?"

Lily increased her tempo until the words were flying past her lips. Her smile faded into a firm line, and her brow tightened. Her hands clenched in her lap, and her voice turned sharp, urgent.

"Oh," started Johan. He took a moment to quietly compose himself and looked around like he was formulating the words.

"Cynthia's death was a tragedy that struck the whole town, but no one felt it more than Kepler," he said. "She was a year older than him, and though they were young, the bond between them ran deep. They were thick as thieves, you could say. On Kepler's eleventh birthday, he and Cynthia wandered into the woods to a swimming hole with a bluff next to it, not very high, but to kids, everything looks gigantic.

"I'll never know exactly what happened out there that day, on account of them being off by themselves, but I know the panic I felt when your mother came running up to the house, yelling that Kepler needed help.

"I was pulling weeds from the garden around back and thought I heard her voice carrying on the wind. I couldn't make it out though, so I poked my head inside the door to call to your grandma. She was already coming to get me, her face was pale, and she was walking like all the blood had rushed to her feet.

"Your mother told us that Kepler had run out of the woods and screamed for her to get help, that something had happened to Cynthia at Crooked Creek, and that he had run back down the path into the woods.

"I moved as fast as my legs could take me. But when I got there, it was already too late. Cynthia's dad was on his knees, down in the mud next to the creek, holding her, sobbing into her. The way her arm hung there..."

Johan's voice trailed off into a breath. His gaze drifted to the dirt, as though Cynthia's memory was buried there.

"She drowned?" asked Lily.

"Yeah," said Johan. "She drowned, and Kepler pulled her body from the water. It was an accident, but Kepler struggled to forgive himself for whatever happened out there."

"What about you?" asked Lily.

"Well," said Johan, "Cynthia and her parents were like family to us. She was their only kid, and they handled her passing worse than Kepler. So it was kinda like we lost them too, that day."

Each word forced the air between them to grow thicker and heavier. Lily leaned forward slightly, her voice small.

"I'm sorry," said Lily, barely above a whisper.

"There ain't no need to be sorry," said Johan, bringing his voice back up to its normal volume. "Everyone grieves in their own way, and ya gotta let 'em."

"Can I ask another question?" asked Lily, her tone suggesting she wanted to change the subject.

"Shoot" said Johan, matching her.

"For real though, about the alien planet, what's with Maerun and Petralum, and what is Snowtap, and why were you there?" asked Lily.

"That's more than one question," said Johan, counting on his fingers. "But let's see. Yeah. How to describe them? Umm. You know Jupiter?"

"Yeah," said Lily.

"Of course you do, it's right there on your jacket," said Johan, pointing to the Jupiter patch on Lily's jacket. "Petralum looked a lot like Jupiter. It was a gas giant with brilliant swirling bands of orange, yellow, white, gold, and red. Maerun and Purgis were the two biggest moons of Petralum and when Maerun was between Petralum and the sun, it was always light out, because at night, Petralum was high in the sky and fully illuminated. Like I said earlier, from Maerun, Petralum looked about four times as wide as our moon here on Earth. So it was really big, and really bright."

"And what about Purgis?" asked Lily.

"Don't worry about Purgis just yet," said Johan. "I'll tell you plenty more about it later. For now, just know that it was like Maerun, but it orbited a whole lot closer to Petralum.

"As for Snowtap, it was incredible. You see, we hadn't discovered radio waves or invented rockets yet, but we still had the same problems to solve. We just went about it with different technology. So when we wanted to get to space, instead of using a rocket, we thought it was easier to build something kinda like a big hula hoop that stretched all the way around the equator. 

"We then made that hoop spin around Maerun really fast. Of course when I say 'we did it' I me a bunch of people much smarter than me did it before I was born without asking for my thoughts on the matter. But that's probably what I would have suggested."

Johan paused. He studied the expression of incredulity and disbelief painted on Lily's face. Though trying to focus, Lily's eyes followed a squirrel leaping between trees. It looked effortless. The sun was rising and it wouldn't be long until they'd need to move to stay in the shade.

"Okay Lily, this may get a tad complicated," said Johan, putting on a voice that sounded like Lily's favorite TV science guy. "But stay with me for like a minute, and stop me if you get lost. Are you lost?"

"Not yet. I think," said Lily.

"Perfect," said Johan, jumping back into it. "So they made the hula hoop spin really fast, but first they put it inside of a tube that wasn't spinning. The tube was just sitting there with a spinning hula hoop inside it. Well, when the hula hoop was moving fast enough, like really really really fast, it started pushing up on the tube. Still with me?"

"Yeah," said Lily, imagining the Earth hula hooping.

"Great," continued Johan. "The faster the hoop spun, the higher the tube rose above Maerun, anchored down by a handful of cables around the equator. Eventually, it stretched so wide, that it rose into space, about sixty miles high. And since the outer tube was stationary. We could easily climb up to it.

"They built stations at the base of each of the cables and platforms at their tops. People could go to the bases and take elevators up to the platforms. The best part came when magnetic pathways were installed along the entire length of the tube. Special trains could then travel at super-fast speeds along the outside of the tube. That's why Kepler, Leana, and I were headed there that day, I got us tickets to ride one of those trains."

Johan looked exceedingly pleased with his explanation. Lily looked confused.

"And that's Snowtap," said Johan. "The stations, cables, elevators, platforms, tube, hula hoop, and trains, all together, were Snowtap. It connected our world, elevated us into space, and made an astronomical amount of money for its owners."

"You got it?" asked Johan. "Or I'm'a have to repeat it slow-like?"

"Nah, I think I got it," said Lily, her eyes darting away as she scratched the back of her neck.

"Wonderful," said Johan. "Any more questions?"

Lily, clearly trying to take in the last answer given to her by her grandfather, hesitantly said, "Ummmmm, yep. Was Kepler's compass really magical?"

Johan laughed softly. "No, but that doesn't mean it didn't hold some kind of power over Kepler. You ever smell something or hear something that instantly transports you back in time in your memory? The compass was like that for Kepler, engrained with the past, yet providing direction in the present. I'd say you got time for one more question before we need to scoot to keep out of the sun."

"Why don't we live there now?" asked Lily, without hesitation.

"Phew," said Johan, wiping his brow in fake relief. "Finally an easy one."

He handed her the water bottle and stood up to move deeper into the shade.

Sitting back down, Johan took in another long slow breath. "Well, we don't live on Maerun because... Maerun doesn't exist. Not anymore."

For a moment, the world around them held its breath.

Lily blinked. The name still echoed in her ears. \textit{Maerun}. Gone? Her head tilted, lips parting, but no words came. Her eyes looked like she was waking up from a dream only to realize that it had been real, and now it was gone.

Her jaw slackened. Wonder drained from her eyes as if she'd been offered a gift, only to have it snatched back the moment she touched it. 

A cicada buzzed to life somewhere nearby, sharp and sudden. The sound startled her back into speech.

"What happened to it?" she asked, her voice barely audible.

Johan stared into the trees. When he finally spoke, his voice had turned dark and heavy.

"The same thing that happened to your uncle Kepler."