\newchapter{Quint}
\lettrine[lraise=0.1]{I}{t} didn't take Grandma Viv long to find Kepler, perched alone beneath the sprawling branches of an old sycamore tree, not far from the house. The cool shade offered some comfort as he traced a limb out to its final leaf. Each branch offered an off-ramp for a little of the burning sensation in his chest, until it felt like nothing more than an old bruise, visible, visceral, and numb to the touch.

Kepler picked up a small stone and tossed it aimlessly, watching it skip across a dusty patch of ground. The wind lofted occasional sounds from the village to his ears. Everything seemed to be continuing as normal. Life was carrying on.

He heard his grandmother's footsteps approaching.

"Mind if I join you?" asked Grandma Viv, abruptly settling beside him, wrangling the fabric of her dress until she was comfortable.

"For what it's worth," she said, "I'm sorry we surprised you like that."

He sighed. "They don't understand."

"Maybe not entirely," she conceded. "But maybe there's something you're missing, too."

Kepler picked at the grass. He could always count on his grandmother to talk plainly to him.
"It's just... It feels wrong."

Grandma Viv looked toward the trail that led out to her neighborhood's parking lane.

"Your parents are waiting in the car," she said. "How long do you think we can make them wait before they get too frustrated?"

Kepler shrugged.

"I remember when I lost your grandfather," she said. "Everything we used to do together felt empty without him, wrong without him. I went through something similar to what you're going through. It took a little bit, but gradually, I settled into a new life without him."

She paused for a moment to give her words time to sink in.

"I'm proud of you," she continued. "You've handled yourself really well this year and you can be forgiven for wanting today to be especially dedicated to remembering your friend."

"But," she said sharply, "things worked out differently and plans changed. It's out of your control so you have no other option but to adapt. I'm not telling you to get over it. I am telling you to find a way, to find \textit{your} way."

This was clearly not what Kepler wanted to hear, but he had already exhausted all of his good will with Grandma Viv by not enthusiastically accepting his gift earlier. Luckily, he knew exactly how to get back in her good graces. His grandmother had a lot of advice to give and loved giving it. Kepler swallowed hard.

"Got any tips for how I could do that?" he asked.

She was already leaning awkwardly to pull something out of her pocket, as if she had anticipated the question.

"As a matter of fact I do," she said, handing over three envelopes. "Careful, we were in a hurry and this one got some syrup on it."

Two of the wrinkled envelopes had "Cynthia" jotted on the front. One had been clearly scribbled by Desi and was, in fact, sticky with syrup.

"What are these?" asked Kepler.

"These are letters to Cynthia," said Grandma Viv. "I write one every year for your Grandpa and bury it in the garden. Desi and I each wrote one for Cynthia and we would appreciate it if you could deliver them to Snowtap for us."

"Why?" asked Kepler.

"I don't know," answered Grandma Viv, matter-of-factly. "Because it makes me feel better. Because it's a way for me to bundle my emotions and put them somewhere sacred. There's one for you, too, if you want."

"What do they say?" he asked.

"Nothing important," answered Grandma Viv. "Mine tells Cynthia how much I miss her and asks her to remind Grandpa to wash behind his ears. Desi drew a picture. The action matters more than the words."

"And you want me to just leave these somewhere at Snowtap?" asked Kepler.

"Yeah, sure," said Grandma Viv with a cavalier wave of her hands. "Imagine, if she were still here, how cool she would think it was that you left something for her to find on Snowtap."

"Why do you bury Grandpa's in the garden?" asked Kepler, his voice now indicating acceptance of the situation, but still stalling for time.

"Because that's where I keep his body," answered Grandma Viv, nonchalantly.

Kepler snapped her a look of incredulity, his eyes wide and his mouth agape.

She laughed.

"I'm kidding," said Grandma Viv. "I keep him in the hall closet."

She paused to give Kepler time to catch on. Then braced one hand on the ground and reached the other out towards Kepler.

"Enough chatting, help me up so we can get you to the car," she said. "And give your papa a break. You know as well as I that today is going to be the coolest day that anyone in this village has ever had. Don't take that away from Johan. He may look old, but mentally he's still just a kid."

Grandma Viv gave Kepler one final hug then shooed him towards the parking lane, pushing him gently away.

"Go have fun and make sure everyone else does, too," she called after him. Just before he was out of sight behind the shrub at the end of her yard, Grandma Viv yelled out, "Oh and if you see that handsome Quint up there, tell him you know a saucy old lady that'll gladly keep him company on his trip."

"Oh!" yelled Kepler, faking a gag. "Grandma, gross!"

\threedots

"Sorry, Mom, sorry Papa," said Kepler, climbing into the back seat of the family car.

"Sorry for surprising you," said Johan, turning to look at Kepler and placing a hand on Kepler's knee. "I didn't receive enough passes for all of my students so I decided to take you and your mother instead. I got so excited that I didn't stop to consider how you might feel. I honestly thought it would be a good way to get your mind off of things today."

Johan gave Kepler's knee a final squeeze and turned back around in his seat.

"All set?" he asked.

"All set," Kepler confirmed.

With a big smile on her face, Leana tapped the horn twice and pulled away.

The journey began quietly, winding through the village streets before hitting the open road. The scenery transitioned from quaint homes to sprawling fields, then dense forests. Kepler watched as the landscape blurred past.

"Look, there's Quint!" called Johan, pointing to a billboard ahead of them.

Kepler looked up to see it looming over the treetops, adorned with a larger-than-life image of a man's tan face framed by the chin-length blond locks that had fallen from his ponytail.

The advertisement announced in bold letters \textit{0 WEEKS UNTIL QUINT'S VOYAGE}. The number zero was on a placard hanging from two hooks.

"Is that today?" asked Leana.

Johan responded with a groan. "I'm sure that's part of the reason why I wasn't given enough tickets."

"I wonder if we'll get to see him," Leana pondered.

"Maybe," guessed Johan. "He could be taking off from our platform. Kepler, what does your book say about it?"

"Oh," Kepler responded, pulling out the Snowtap book his grandmother had given him. "Hang on a second."

He scanned the table of contents for any mention of Quint, Purgis, or The Resonant, names now well known throughout Maerun.

"Found it!" he called. "It says The Resonant is departing from Teilyoek Terminal on Platform Seven."

"And which platform are we headed to?" asked Johan.

"Oh boy," Kepler started. "We're heading to Lykke, where Snowtap connects to Lekan Station ... which connects to Platform 20 and ... Bestrew Terminal."

"Sorry, honey, we won't get to see your dream boat," teased Johan.

"Hush you," Leana objected. "I have no interest in someone so crazy, tall, blonde, handsome, and brave. Plus he's leaving forever, so..."

She paused, pursing her lips to the side like she was in serious contemplation.

"You know," she said, "maybe he doesn't sound so bad after all."

Leana raised her eyebrows playfully, prying for a response.

"I think Grandma Viv likes him, too," said Kepler. "She told me to tell him to save her a seat on The Resonant for her."

"You're both crazy," said Johan. "A one-way trip to Purgis? No thank you. I don't think he's thought this through. I mean seriously, he's leaving everyone and everything behind forever and what do we get out of it? A single lousy message every six months?"

"I think it's exciting," Leana said. "He's an explorer! He's making a sacrifice for the rest of us."

"Oh, he's making a sacrifice alright," said Johan. "I bet he doesn't survive the trip. Or worse, his beacon breaks. Then the whole spectacle will have been for nothing. You think the folks at Snowtap would allow that?"

This wasn't the first time Johan had talked about conspiracies at Snowtap. Despite all the good it had brought the world, primarily by connecting the food eaters to the food growers, Johan held firm that it gave too much control to too few people and that everyone was getting too accustomed to a better lifestyle that could easily be taken away.

"Think about it," continued Johan, unprompted. "How would we even know if Quint even left? We're relying on Snowtap for all of the updates, so they could tell us whatever they wanted."

"Well, then we'll just have to choose to believe them," said Leana.

Kepler leaned forward, desperate to join the conversation. "Why would anyone want to go if they can't come back?"

"Probably because he's going to be a hero and household name for all of eternity," said Johan. "Also, I read that his family is being well compensated. How much would they have had to offer you, Leana, for you to have entered my name into the competition?"

A wry smile crept across Leana's face. She tilted her head left and right, performing some mental calculations.

"Don't answer that," sputtered Johan, revoking his question.

Leana glanced at Kepler in the rear-view mirror. "Because, dear, some people are willing and even eager to make that sacrifice."

Kepler thought for a moment. "Do you think he'll be okay?"

"Tough to say," she responded. "Do you think your papa would be okay if it were him?"

"That's enough," interrupted Johan, reacting quickly to get ahead of the teasing. "You wouldn't need a telescope to see my beacon. We all know I'd end up accidentally setting the entire moon on fire."

This summoned an unexpected laugh from Kepler.

"I think that's the first laugh I've heard from you all day," said Johan. "Glad to see you're feeling better."

Kepler turned away, his gaze fixed on the passing scenery outside the window. Eventually, he turned his attention back to his new book and slowly flipped the pages, looking at all the beautiful illustrations of Snowtap's stations, tethers, platforms, and transporters. A low growl from his stomach reminded him that he hadn't eaten yet.