
\newchapter{Ghostline}
\lettrine[lraise=0.1]{D}{espite} it still being early morning, Johan encouraged Kepler to rest his eyes.

"We've got a long journey ahead of us, and it'll be pretty late before we start our trip up the tether," said Johan.

They drove for about three and a half hours to reach their first destination, the nearest Ghostline boarding station.

"Doing okay back there?" Leana asked softly, catching Kepler's eye in the mirror.

Kepler met her gaze. 

"Yeah, just a little hungry," he said. He pressed his head against the window and swallowed hard. "And maybe a little carsick," he mumbled.

Kepler returned to staring out the window at the endless rows of crops passing by. At first glance, the plants grew as one endless, flowing, green sea. When he looked back just a little, though, Kepler saw that all the crops had been planted in neat rows and at just the right angle, they lined up such that he could see the dark soil between their bases.

The winding forest and mountain road outside his village didn't bother Kepler, but the steady heartbeat of cultivation, green, soil, green, soil, green, soil, flickering mechanically, made his stomach uneasy.

"Better to get it out here than on Snowtap," said Johan. "Probably best you didn't eat any of those waffles. Syrup would be a nightmare to clean off these seats."

Leana took the lead, hitting Johan on the leg while Kepler went for the shoulder.

"Alright, alright!" said Johan, conceding to the playful jabs. "We're almost to the station. We can pick up a small snack once we're onboard. Drink some water in the meantime. That should help your stomach."

Over the road ahead hung two huge signs directing traffic: southbound to the left, northbound to the right. Each path led to control points that looked like toll booths operated by stern-faced guards.

"What do you think's going on here?" said Johan.

"I don't know," said Leana. "They're stopping the cars ahead, probably just checking our boarding passes."

Leana followed the line of cars slowly toward the control points. Unlike their sun-kissed sedan, with its rust spots, missing side-view mirror, and broken hubcaps, the other cars in line with them were shiny, new, and had reflective tinted windows, so she couldn't see inside.

"Here's your ID, too, in case you need it," said Johan, handing Leana a stack of papers and her ID card.

When it was their turn, Leana pulled up and greeted the guard.

"Good morning, sir," she said.

"Ma'am, please pull to the side and follow that officer there," ordered the man, pointing to another uniformed guard standing in an empty lane.

"I'm sorry, is there a problem?" asked Leana.

Kepler hadn't seen a single other car do anything other than pull up to the shack, roll down its driver's window, then pull away. Leana's grip on the steering wheel tightened, her eyes flicking toward the mirror. His mother's sudden change in tone signaled that she was also confused by the guard's request.

"No problem, ma'am," he answered sharply. "Random inspection."

"What does that mean?" she requested.

"Ma'am," he snapped. "I'm afraid you're impeding traffic. Please pull to the side."

Leana complied, pulling over and stopping where the second guard was pointing.

"Please open the trunk and hood, ma'am," said the guard. "Then I'm going to need everyone to step out of the vehicle."

"What's going on?" asked Kepler nervously.

"Nothing to worry about," said Johan, calmly unbuckling his seatbelt. "Just do as he says, and we'll be back on the road in no time."

"Ma'am, I'm going to need to see everyone's IDs and boarding passes," said the guard as soon as Leana stepped out of the car.

Leana started to reach back into the car when the guard interrupted her suddenly.

"Step away from the car, ma'am," he said, emphasizing each syllable with a condescending pause.

"Our papers are in there," said Leana, taken aback by the sudden disrespect.

"Just tell me where they are, and I will grab them," said the guard.

"They're all just sitting right there on the console," said Leana. Pointing into the still open window.

"Is this your first time?" asked a third guard approaching from a small building tucked behind the control points.

"How could you tell?" said Johan.

"All vehicles entering the Ghostline are subject to inspection," he said, dodging the question. "We don't suspect you of any wrongdoing. Just keeping a vigilant watch... for everyone's safety. We don't want anything spoiling the celebrations today."

"Sir!" said the guard searching the trunk, backing several steps away from the car. "I think I found something."

Three other guards immediately rushed to stand behind Johan, Leana, and Kepler. Their hands reaching instinctively for the handles holstered to their waists.

"Mrs. Leana Okab?" asked the guard, inspecting her ID.

"Yes?" she confirmed with a nervous, inquisitive tone.

"Ma'am, is there anything in your trunk that I need to be aware of?"

"Just my..." started Johan.

"Sir," the guard interrupted, admonishing Johan. "The driver of the vehicle is responsible for all of its contents. Please allow her to answer and do not interrupt me again."

"Just my husband's experiments," said Leana, her voice now shaking. She brushed a strand of hair from her face, her fingers trembling. "We're on our way to Snowtap. He got a research grant. He can tell you about it better than I can."

The officer squinted, peering into Leana's eyes, reading her every expression.

"Sir," said the guard to Johan, not taking his eyes off Leana. His voice was crisp, his words robotic. "Do you have any proof to validate your wife's statement?"

"Yes," answered Johan calmly. "There's a black backpack in the front seat. Inside it is the manifest approval letter for the equipment in the trunk."

Kepler's stomach clenched. He could sense that something wasn't right. He wanted to ask his father what was going on but didn't want to draw attention to himself. Subconsciously he shifted from foot to foot, glancing between the guards and his parents.

The main guard instructed another to grab a blast shield and retrieve the backpack from the car. Once it was brought a safe distance away, he dumped it out on the ground. There were several small bags and a large envelope. The guard who seemed to be in charge picked it up then proceeded into the building.

Car after car continued through the checkpoint. Kepler imagined the other passengers craning their necks to watch the drama unfolding around his family.

After a few tense minutes, the guard reappeared. He instructed his team to continue the inspection and handed the envelope to Leana. One by one, each of the inspecting guards finished a section of the car, gave an \textit{all clear} signal to the main guard, then stepped away from the car. Finally, the last one gave the signal and left the family vehicle alone.

All the doors were open.

The trunk and hood were open.

The glove box and console were open.

Anything that had been inside the car was now arranged in a pile beside the car, including Johan's experiments. The case containing them was left open and partially disassembled. To Kepler, it reminded him of a bomb he'd seen in a newspaper comic, with wires, a timer, several glass tubes, and a central glass dome pierced with metal needles.

Still, car after car continued through the checkpoint.

"Sorry for the trouble, ma'am," said the lead guard, apologetically. "Give us a few minutes to finish our paperwork, and we'll have you on your way." He knelt down until he was eye-level with Kepler. "Enjoy Snowtap, young man. I've heard it is life changing. I have three kids at home who would die for the chance to go. You're very lucky."

"Thank you, sir," stuttered Kepler. "It's my birthday," he added.

"Well, happy birthday, kid!" said the guard, interrupting Kepler before quickly turning and strolling back to the building without another word.

The guard that they had originally been directed to approached Leana and held out a card to her. "Your ID, ma'am. Thank you for your patience. Have a great day."

And just like that, the encounter was over.

"Load up, buddy," said Johan, patting Kepler on the back. He turned to Leana. "Want me to drive?"

"No. I've got it," said Leana confidently.

Kepler and Leana returned to their seats while Johan closed the hood and trunk. Climbing back in, Johan reported, "All set. Let's get this adventure started."

Leana started the car again and pulled back into the lane, waving to the first guard, as if she was still uncertain if she should proceed.

He waved them on as if nothing had happened.

"I think it's because you're so pretty," said Johan to Leana. "They just wanted to spend more time with you."

"I could murder you," laughed Leana. "You're lucky I don't throw your damn experiment in the next trashcan I see."

Kepler's eyes shot open, but he didn't dare make a sound. His mother did \textit{not} use language like that.

"Please don't do that," Johan protested. "I'm afraid to think what they'd do if I don't complete that work today."

"Like what?" said Kepler.

"Like, they might ask us to pay them back for the trip," said Johan.

"How much would that cost?" said Kepler.

"Let's see... at our current wages...and with our savings...and if we get you and Desi jobs in the fields..." said Johan, pondering aloud, counting on his fingers for effect, "probably the rest of all our lives times ten."

Kepler gasped, sitting back in his seat, contemplating the implications of such a debt.

Back on track, Leana was directed into a tunnel by friendly faced attendants. One by one, the cars pulled onto a platform, where arms like a forklift picked them up from around the tires and slid them into train cars that pulled ahead like clockwork.

"You're free to exit your vehicle once you feel the train moving." said the attendant helping Leana align the car on the platform.

Kepler rolled down his window to get a better look as their car was lifted, rotated, and slid into place. The arms withdrew through the hatch in preparation for the next car. As the hatch door closed, he noticed a slight breeze that gave a faint, high-pitched whine. Whatever made the air yell also made his ears to pop.

The train took off, accelerating slowly in a way that was unlike anything he had ever felt, smooth, like sailing on a cloud.

"Can I get out?" asked Kepler.

"I think we all should." said Johan. "It should be about seven hours to Lykke. Let's stretch our legs, explore the Ghostline for a bit, and try to get some more sleep."