\newchapter{Ghostline 2}
\lettrine[lraise=0.1]{S}{plashes} of red glared in front of the driver's window, warning signs with bold black letters, as if the Ghostline itself had rules you'd better not break.

1. Power-off vehicles while the bay doors are closed.

2. Be in your vehicle before arriving at your destination.

3. Return all borrowed books, magazines, games, and dishes to the lounge.

The cabin pressed closed on all sides, just enough space to open a car door without smacking the wall. Above the posted rules, an illuminated sign glowed with the next stop: \textit{Vicanion - 34 minutes}

Kepler's sneakers hit the floor before the car stopped rocking. He darted toward the door, barely noticing the extra weight he was carrying. Beneath the posted rules, there was a blue arrow painted on the door, pointing to the left, near a small square indentation, no knob or handle in sight.

He glanced back. His parents were still busy packing things away from the initial ride.

Kepler pressed on the square panel.

Nothing.

He pressed harder. Still nothing.

"Come on..." he muttered.

While the door wasn't opening, it was definitely doing something. Slowly, it began to tilt to the right. In just a few seconds the door became noticeably crooked, especially near the floor, whose straight lines accentuated the growing angle between it and the bottom frame of the door. Continuing to run his fingers along the edge, Kepler discovered a faint give. A gentle push to the left, and the door slid open with a quiet whoosh, vanishing into the wall, revealing another room.

Warm golden light spilled from the next cabin, carrying a breath of wildflowers so thick Kepler almost forgot they were underground. A chandelier dangled from a wooden rod at the ceiling's center, slightly off-kilter. It leaned, just enough to make the shadows crawl sideways across the walls.

Beneath it, a low table and cushions slouched toward one corner. Or maybe the \textit{floor} was slouching. Or maybe \textit{Kepler} was. His balance shifted in tiny, sneaky ways, like the world was trying to tip him into guessing wrong about which way was up.

The far wall looked solid apart from four hexagonal cutouts stacked like honeycomb cells, each holding a bed. He reached into one, and the mattress rocked lazily beneath his palm, part hammock, part cradle, keeping its own rhythm against the train's.

Then it hit him: the Ghostline was still accelerating. The slant had crept in so gradually his body had stopped complaining. As if to prove him right, the whole room began to level out. The chandelier's swing shifted from the back to the front, passing through center before it came to rest. Shadows steadied. The honeycomb beds stopped their slow sway. Kepler stood straighter and, just for a second, felt a strange lightness, as though the floor had forgotten some of his weight.

"How fast do you think we're moving?" he asked.

"No idea," said Johan. "How fast do \textit{you} think we're moving?"

"I don't know," said Kepler. "We need some windows."

"Don't think that would help too much," said Johan. "I'm pretty sure we're underground for most of the trip or inside a tunnel. Does your book say anything about the Ghostline?"

"No, I don't think so," said Kepler.

"Ah, well I believe the top speed we'll reach is almost eight hundred miles an hour," said Johan.

"That makes sense," said Leana. "I was wondering how we were going to be in Vicarion in thirty minutes." She stepped into the room with Johan and Kepler, admiring the accommodations. "I'm happy to see we have beds. I thought we were going to be sleeping in the car."

"Not just any beds," said Kepler, demonstrating how they move, "swinging beds! I think it's to keep us from rolling into the walls when we're speeding up and slowing down."

"That makes sense, too," said Leana. "Want to keep exploring?"

"Oh yeah!" answered Kepler and Johan in unison.

"I think we can find some food in the lounge," said Johan. "Eat up. This will be our last chance for food for a long time. Once we're floating on Snowtap, everything in our stomachs will float, and the pamphlet I got said it's really easy to get sick."

"Like car sick?" asked Kepler.

"Like space sick." said Johan, miming stuff floating in front of his face. "But out there, what comes up, doesn't always come down."

The door by the beds led to a narrow corridor linking several cabins, with a staircase waiting at either end. At the top, Kepler stepped into the lounge and stopped just to breathe it in: warm lamplight on leather chairs, bookshelves climbing the walls, the soft outline of a kiosk in the corner.

No windows to the outside, but one whole wall pretended otherwise with a sweeping view of a lush garden framed by a painted sky. The trick was so convincing that for a moment Kepler almost leaned toward it, as if he could step right through.

Then the floor shifted under his shoes. A glowing seam split the planks side-to-side across the lounge. Wood panels rose and tilted, slow but relentless, like the room itself was yawning open. Step by step, the back of the lounge climbed toward the front, each tread as wide as a cabin. Kepler’s brain said he was balanced, but his eyes disagreed. Luckily, his father's steady hand found his shoulder.

“I think we’re speeding up again,” Johan said, though Kepler barely heard over the thud of his own heartbeat. The floor’s tilt rolled under him, and he let it carry him two steps forward, half on purpose, half because it was easier than resisting.

“Morning, rookies!” The voice floated over the creak of the shifting floor, bright and teasing. Behind the counter stood a woman who might as well have been bolted to it, knees loose, shoulders steady, like the train had been built around her. The smile aimed at them was welcoming. "First time on a Ghost?"

"Is it that obvious?" Leana chuckled.

The woman tilted her head, eyes glinting. "You're staring at the floor like it's about to tell you its life story. Trust me, it only knows three words: lean, settle, repeat."

Her gaze switched from Leana to Kepler, who was stepping up onto the same patch of floor as the kiosk with exaggerated care. "And what might \textit{you} be called young adventurer?"

Up close, her black uniform showed purple piping at the seams and gold trim at the collar and cuffs. Her hair was yanked into a tight bun except for a few stray strands that curled artfully down her cheek. On her left breast: a gold nameplate, Clair, etched in bold black letters.

"I'm Kepler," said Kepler, voice cracking.

"Well Kelpie," said Clair, "you walk like a natural... and you look like one, too." She widened her eyes in mock drama, leaned forward, and dropped her voice to the kind of whisper conspirators use, "Could you imagine if we didn't have the moment compensation?"

"The what?" asked Kepler, dropping his own voice to match hers and trying for his deepest tone.

She straightened, salesman-bright. "\textit{We lean so you don't!}" Then back to troublemaker mode. "Without it, you'd go sailing into the back wall every time we picked up speed. Makes luggage retrieval very exciting.

Leana thought that Clair sounded way too excited by the thought of everything crashing around. Kepler leaned so far over the counter his chin nearly touched it, his eyes locked on Clair's as if she were revealing a secret.

"Is it really that fast?" asked Kepler, unaware that the floor had returned to normal.

"Oh yeah," said Clair, leaning further over the counter. "We're probably sailing at top speed right now and you'd never notice. Pretty cool, huh?"

"Very cool," said Kepler. "I don't even feel it."

"That's the beauty of it," said Clair. "You hop on, sip a tea, and \textit{boom}... you're halfway across the country. Speaking of which, can I get you something to Eat? Drink? Nibble? Read? Taste? Scribble?"

She emphasized each suggestion more exasperated than the last.

Kepler laughed.

"Please," he said. "I'm starving. What do you have?"

Clair inhaled like a stage actor about to deliver the monologue of her life, chin tilting back as if she meant to head-butt Kepler with a menu made of words.

Johan quickly interjected, fearing Clair might be about to rattle off the entire menu from memory at breakneck pace.

"One second," said Johan, "First, we're looking for something light. Second, we'll be paying with these."

From his pocket, Johan pulled out three meal vouchers that had arrived with the rest of their travel documents. Clair took a knowing glance at the papers and turned back to Kepler. 

"First," she started, "something light can't fix starving. Second, those vouchers aren't good for the good stuff."

"What's the good stuff?" asked Kepler.

"We'll take the bad stuff," interrupted Johan, smiling, "and we'll pretend it's \textit{fine} stuff."

Clair playfully rolled her eyes over to Kepler, then used one hand to hide from Johan that her other hand was pointing at him while she made a silly face at Kepler. The shifting floor called her back to action.

"Looks like we're starting to slow down, should be at...," Clair said, spinning around to look at the countdown behind her before spinning back towards Johan, "Vicanion very soon. Better grab your food to go or else you'll miss your stop."

"We're not stopping at Vicanion," said Leana. "We've actually got a long way to go before we get off."

Kepler watched as Clair turned to a panel on the wall with two rows of buttons. Most of the buttons were unmarked but a few of them had writing on small placards beneath them. Clair pushed two buttons, both with \textit{Vicanion} written on them, then wiped their placards clean with her thumb.

"How long are we talking?" asked Clair, turning back to face Leana.

"Lykke," said Leana. 

Clair whistled. "You \textit{do} have a haul ahead. Vacation?"

"We're going to Snowtap!" Kepler blurted.

Clair's eyes flew wide, sparkling with a giddy, almost childlike wonder.

"Are you going to ride an orbital?" said Clair. "Please tell me you're going to ride an orbital!"

Kepler nodded enthusiastically, continuing to match her excitement.

"That's so cool, but also, \textit{no fair}." said Clair, leaning back and crossing her arms dramatically like a kid refusing to share candy. "It's my dream to ride an orbital. If you think the Ghosts are fast, you're in for a real treat. These Ghosts practically crawl compared to the orbitals."

Her eyes took on a dreamy appearance and stared off into the distance as she spoke. "The whole world in less than two hours... and with actual windows. Not like this cozy little coffin."

Then snap, she was back, locking eyes with Kepler. "Can I come with you?"

Kepler laughed. "No, we only have three tickets."

"Fine, give me yours and you can stay here and run the kiosk. I'll even throw in a free name badge."

"Definitely not!" said Kepler. "It's my birthday gift."

"Wait, you got a ticket to ride an orbital for your \textit{birthday}?" said Clair, seemingly perplexed. "Not to be rude, but how in the world did you manage that? All I ever get for mine is chocolate and hand-me-down underwear."

Kepler laughed again.

"It's definitely a once-in-a-lifetime trip for us," said Johan. "The tickets are from a research grant and I'm working on the orbital."

The word \textit{orbital} seemed to stick in Johan's throat as he said it.

Clair nodded slowly, eyes narrowing in playful suspicion. "Research grant, huh? Okay. How old are you, then, to be doing research on an orbital?"

"Twelve today," said Kepler.

She grinned. "Well, birthday boy, I can't compete with Snowtap, but I can sneak you one of the \textit{good} meals."

"Yes, please," said Kepler, beaming.

"Nothing too rich," Johan warned. "We don't want anyone getting sick on the orbital."

Clair did the eye roll from Johan back to Kepler again.

"Look, kid, you're already on top of the world today, or at least you will be, and you know what they say... the rich get richer, right? So I'm going to get you the richest thing we've got," whispered Clair. She leaned in so close her lips were almost touching Kepler's ear. "And it's not on the menu."

Clair slipped on gloves, loaded three boxes, then set them in front of them one by one: "The great stuff, the good stuff, and the okay stuff. Guess which one's yours"

"Thanks, Clair," said Leana. "It was nice chatting with you, but we should probably be heading back down to eat up and get some shut eye."

"It was great meeting you, too," said Clair. "Have a great time on Snowtap, make a memory for me, and if you'd like I can tell whoever is on the next shift to ring a chime in your room about ten minutes before you arrive at Lykke."

"That would be great," said Leana.

Clair picked up one of the meal vouchers off the counter, studied it for a second, then spun around to write \textit{Lykke} under one of the buttons on the wall.

"You're all set, happy birthday Specter," said Clair.

"Kepler," he corrected.

"Close enough," she said. "Both sound like you sneak into places you shouldn't be."

Kepler smiled and waved goodbye.

Kepler, Leana, and Johan picked up their meals and made their way back down to their cabin. Seated around the table, they opened their boxes, eager to see what was inside. Leana's was neatly packed with a bowl of salad, a tray of sliced meats and cheeses, and an apple. Johan's had the same food but his dishes were put in upside down. Kepler's looked like his mother's except that under his apple he found a square of butterscotch fudge, tightly wrapped in a napkin.

"That was awfully sweet of her," Leana said to Kepler, gesturing to his dessert. "She didn't give me a dessert and it looks like she didn't give your papa any dishes," she said, with a chuckle.


Kepler grinned, unwrapping the fudge and holding it to his nose before taking the tiniest bite possible. The sweet, buttery flavor seemed to melt into his tongue. He closed his eyes, savoring it as long as he could before swallowing.

"You'll want to save that for later," said Johan.

"I know," groaned Kepler. "We don't want anything in our stomachs on Snowtap."

"... and the sugar will make it harder to sleep," said Johan.

They ate slowly, lulled by the humming and gentle occasional rocking of the Ghostline. Without windows, the cabin might as well have been drifting in deep space. They just had to trust that they were headed to their destination.

When they were finished, they stacked the empty dishes neatly by the door, then each climbed into one of the honeycomb beds. The gentle rocking made it feel like they were floating, even here in the dark. Kepler rolled over to find the compass poking him through his pocket. He pulled it out to examine it again, the needle loosely pointing toward the front of the cabin. He felt the bed lean to the side, indicating they were speeding up again, and was surprised to discover the compass's needle snapping back and forth quickly, drawing a tight arc, twitching like it was nervous. He put it back in his pocket, then pulled the blanket up over his eyes, catching the scent of flowers again.

The next thing he knew, a soft chime filled the cabin. It wasn't loud, but it pulsed in a way that tugged at his awareness. He sat up, rubbing his eyes, and saw his parents already awake, packing up the car.

"That's the ten-minute alarm," said Leana, straightening her jacket. "We're almost at Lykke."

They returned to the car, buckling in just as the illuminated sign above the bay door blinked: \textit{Lykke - Arriving}. The Ghostline slowed with a long, smooth sigh. Then came the buzzer, a sharp, three-note burst, and the bay door opened with a hiss of escaping air.

Vibrant afternoon light spilled in.