\newchapter{Lekan Station}
\lettrine[lraise=0.1]{B}{ehind} a podium outside the door stood a woman wearing an impeccably tailored, royal indigo uniform, silver accents gleaming on her shoulders, the Snowtap emblem pinned above them.

"Is everyone inside the vehicle?" she asked.

"We sure are," Johan replied.

She nodded and pulled a lever. A forklift-like arm reached beneath the car, lifted them slightly, and slid it from the belly of the Ghostline.

When the car stopped, she asked, "Will you be driving out or parking?"

"Um... parking," said Johan, his voice rising as if it were a question.

"First time?" she asked.

"How could you tell?"

"Your vehicle will be moved to an unloading bay. You'll have thirty minutes to get your belongings before it's moved to storage."

She passed Johan a ticket through the window. "Return this to the attendant upstairs when you're ready to leave or need access to your vehicle. Please remain seated."

Kepler's stomach flipped as the car rose twenty feet into the air and was set carefully onto a balcony. Guardrails clamped into place, and the mechanical arm retreated just as another bay door opened on the Ghostline below. Expecting to see another car and family ready to disembark, Kepler was surprised to see the arm pulling out a large pallet of cargo, bound with bright yellow straps. He watched as it was hoisted out and vanished beneath them.

"Well," said Johan, beaming at Kepler, "we're here. Are you ready?"

A rush of excitement washed over Kepler, causing his skin to tingle and the back of his throat to tighten. He scrambled to pack his jacket, book, and fudge into his backpack. "Can we get out?"

"I think so," said Johan.

"So... do we just leave the car here?" asked Leana, already stepping outside.

Johan pulled out his trip documents again and consulted the stack of papers.

"I don't know," he said, scanning each page. "That's what it sounded like to me. What do we have left? Ascent passes, Silver Nova, Ghostline, and... more meal vouchers. Funny, they didn't give us descent passes. I guess they assume everyone up there has to come back down somehow."

"How long until we need to be on the elevator?" asked Leana.

"Um...," started Johan, stalling as he flipped back through the tickets, "it doesn't say. Only the Silver Nova boarding passes have a time on them and," he paused to look at his watch, "we've got a while until it boards."

"Okay, I think we should grab our stuff and see if we can find someone to ask for help," said Leana, knocking on the trunk.

The family had two backpacks, a briefcase, and a box-shaped suitcase. Kepler and Leana slung on the backpacks. Johan lifted the box, set it upright on its wheels, extended the side handle, and strapped the briefcase on top.

A hallway sign above their balcony pointed them toward the atrium, the only available route.

"Looks like that's our option," said Johan, rolling the box forward.

The walls of the hallway were embellished with white marble and abstract gold lines that crisscrossed in no particular pattern. Kepler dragged his fingers along one of the lines as he walked, following it up and up and up until it was out of reach. He jumped to tap where one line intersected another, then traced the new line until it was below his knees.

The hallway opened into a pair of towering glass-and-steel doors, arched like cathedral gates. Above them, a banner fluttered with the words: \textit{Join Quint's Expedition to Purgis!}

Kepler paused, captivated by a painting of a figure caught mid-somersault, each moment of the twist frozen in sequence. Snowtap had always felt like a myth, a story told, but now it was real. It was right above them.

"Come on, Kepler," his mother called.

The atrium spread out before them, vast and glowing with natural light pouring in from the sloped glass walls of the pyramid. Polished marble floors reflected the sunlight. Hanging above, shimmering metal sculptures rotated slowly in the air. Cafés lined the perimeter, their awnings trimmed in actual gold, throwing warm reflections across the marble. Even the trash bins wore brass collars.

People in tailored suits and flowing dresses passed by, some casting curious glances at Kepler's scuffed shoes, simple clothes, and luggage. He shrank slightly, pulling his backpack tighter over his shoulders.

"Maybe we should have dressed nicer," he muttered.

Johan rested a hand on his shoulder. "We're here to do something incredible," he said. "Doesn't matter what we're wearing."

A cheerful voice called out, "Welcome to Lekan Station!"

They turned to find a woman at a reception counter. Her smile seemed painted on, but the corners of her eyes softened earnestly when she looked at Kepler.

"First time?" she said more than asked.

"Yes," Leana replied.

Johan stepped forward and handed over their papers. "We have tickets for today's ascent."

"Wonderful!" The attendant scanned the documents. Her eyes lingered on Kepler for a moment. "You're in for something special. Platform 20 has the best views in the whole system, so I'm told."

"Thanks," he said, blushing with excitement.

The attendant handed over sleek, metallic passes. "These will grant you access to the elevators. The next ascent is scheduled for about two hours from now. Feel free to explore in the meantime."

"Thanks," said Johan, slipping the passes into his pocket.

Kepler turned slowly, taking in the space before being directed to a path featuring an arched ceiling with a fresco of giants building, raising, and supporting the orbital ring on their shoulders.

"Look at that!" Kepler said, pointing to a silver sculpture of the orbital ring encircling Maerun like a dancer's ribbon.

Leana smiled. "I've never seen anything like this. It's even more impressive than I imagined."

Kepler's stomach gave a loud rumble, and he pressed a hand to his belly.

Johan noticed. "Feeling hungry?"

"A little," said Kepler.

"Maybe we could find something small?" said Leana, gently pleading with Johan.

Johan hesitated. "I don't think that's a good idea. You'll be fine, Kep."

Kepler sighed. His gaze drifted to a nearby café where patrons sipped steaming beverages and nibbled on pastries dusted with powdered sugar. The rich scent of tea and fresh bread teased his senses. He spied a small chocolate-covered dome with a mirror finish, adorned with a raspberry, gold flakes, and a red glaze, sitting atop a biscuit. Its missing bite revealed a chocolatey mousse inside. Kepler's mouth watered as he imagined what it must have tasted like.

They approached the entrance of the café, hoping to at least look inside, but were promptly stopped by a doorman. "Good afternoon. May I see your passes, please?"

"Passes? Do you mean these?" asked Johan, holding up the metallic cards.

The doorman looked at them and shook his head. "My apologies, sir. Access is restricted as we prepare for the celebration tonight."

"Oh," said Leana, her cheeks flushing. "We didn't realize."

The doorman gestured vaguely down the corridor. "But there may be something for \textit{you} in the common areas."

"Thank you," said Johan, steering his family away.

They continued down the corridor, passing more shops with beautiful displays. In one window, a dress made of shimmering fabric caught Leana's eye. "It's beautiful," she murmured.

"You wanna look inside?" Johan offered.

She nodded.

They approached the entrance, but another doorman stepped forward. "Welcome. May I take a quick look at your passes?"

Johan held them up for the doorman, who gave a curt nod. "Terribly sorry. These passes are inadequate to enter our boutique."

"But we just wanted to look at that dress," said Leana.

"Store policy," the doorman stated flatly, pinching his brows.

"Thanks anyway," said Johan. "Let's keep moving."

As they walked away, Kepler spotted a shop adorned with colorful banners and toys. A child about his age exited the shop with his mom, clutching a small carved model of an \textit{orbital}. The kid placed it on a display shelf just outside the store.

Kepler's eyes lit up as he approached, reaching for the toy. But before his fingers could touch the polished wood, another doorman appeared beside him. "Excuse me, young man," he said firmly. "These are for display only."

Kepler withdrew his hand. "I just wanted to look at it."

The toy store doorman glanced at Johan and Leana. "May I see your passes, please?"

Johan showed them, suppressing a sigh.

"I'm terribly sorry," the doorman said, handing back the passes. "You'll have to find somewhere else to wait."

Kepler slumped his shoulders and let his arms hang like soggy noodles, his head dropping with a quiet \textit{huff}. "Why won't they let us in anywhere?"

Leana knelt beside Kepler. "Not to worry, we'll find something else."

Johan's jaw tightened. "Let's keep looking. There's plenty to see here; besides, we don't have a lot of time."

The doorman leaned in slightly. "If you're looking for something more suitable, the museum is perfect for guests like you." He gestured to a softly lit hallway nearby. "Just down there."

Leana gave him a polite nod. "Thank you."

As they walked, she leaned closer to Johan, voice low. "Visitors like us?" He didn't answer, but his grip on the rolling case tightened.

Kepler cast one last glance at the toy store as they rounded the corner, just in time to see another family walk right in. He slowed, watching closely, but no one asked to see their passes. They were simply welcomed inside.

The corridor grew quieter. The air cooled and lanterns cast gentle shadows across the smooth stone walls. Kepler dragged his feet for a few steps, then gave the floor a half-hearted kick.

"It's not fair," he said. "We came all this way and we're not allowed to do anything."

Johan sighed. "I know. But don't let them ruin what's ahead. We're going to space, remember? That's more than most people ever dream of."

Leana tapped Kepler with her pass, then lifted it like a secret talisman, eyes bright despite everything.

Kepler nodded with a big smile.

At the end of the hallway, a set of heavy wooden doors stood open beneath a carved stone arch. Celestial symbols and star maps were etched into the frame. Warm light spilled out onto the floor in front of them.

They stepped into the museum.

The hush inside felt almost sacred. Their footsteps echoed around them. No crowds. No people. No velvet ropes or doormen. A large hall opened before them, bathed in soft gold light that seemed to glow from the exhibits themselves.

Kepler turned in a slow circle, mouth slightly open, eyes wide. His feet shifted like he might sprint in three directions at once.

"Well, what are you waiting for?" said Johan, smiling at his son.

A grin split Kepler's face.

"Finally!" he said, bolting forward toward the colossal model of Snowtap that dominated the space.