\newchapter{Snowtap}
\lettrine[lraise=0.1]{K}{epler} skidded to a stop beneath the colossal model of Snowtap at the museum's center. The circular replica hovered overhead, delicate lights threading its rim. Tiny elevators crept along glittering tethers.

His heart thumped, and his grin stretched until his cheeks ached. This was so much better than the pictures in his book.

Leana tipped her head back. "How do you build something like this?"

"I read about it on the way here!" Kepler blurted. "They started with just a cable inside a tube that wrapped all the way around the equator."

"Just?" Johan repeated, eyebrows up.

"Magnets kept the cable from scraping the tube when it moved."

"Why?" Leana asked, her mouth tugging into a grin as she bumped his shoulder.

Kepler hesitated. "I don't know."

Johan leaned in. "Imagine a carousel. If it spins too fast..."

"You fly off?" Kepler said, half-asking.

"Exactly. The faster it spins, the harder it tries to throw you off. Now imagine you're the tube and the cable is the unicorn you're trying to hang on to."

Leana laughed. "So how'd they get it into the sky?"

"Heck if I know," said Johan, shrugging.

Kepler nodded hard, eyebrows pinched. He stared up, trying to see it.

For a moment they stood in silence, each picturing the impossible.

"It said once the first layer was up, the rest were super easy," Kepler said. He pointed at a stripe of panels running along the ring. "I think those are the solar panels."

"What do you think they're for?" asked Johan.

"For power. Since part of the ring is always in sunlight, it never loses power."

Leana glanced at him. "What about the people up there? Isn't it dangerous?"

Kepler shrugged.

"I'd bet the platforms have to control everything like a submarine," Johan said. "Pressure, air, temperature."

"Oh yeah, it has to have its own air," said Kepler, stifling a laugh. "What happens to farts up there?"

"Kepler!" said Leana, admonishingly.

"No, it's a good question," said Johan. "I'd bet it reeks of farts up there. Maybe we should look for a gas mask before we get on the elevator. Or perfume."

"Johan!" said Leana, with the same tone she gave Kepler.

Kepler laughed, stuffing his hands into his pockets, rediscovering a soft parcel. The nut clusters and sugar wigs he had snagged at his grandmother's house! His stomach rumbled again, pleading for a small bite.

"Tell me about the orbitals, Kep," said Leana, interrupting his thoughts before his mouth started watering.

"They drive along the outside of the ring," said Kepler.

Johan pointed to a cutaway. "I think that's a platform. Looks like there's one at the top of every tether where they connect to the ring."

Further down, they found an interactive display containing a spinning axle studded with springs illuminated at their tips. Kepler eased a lever forward, speeding up the display. The axle blurred, the springs stretched, and the lights smeared into a glowing circle that grew and shrank as Kepler pushed the lever forward and backwards.

"Okay, that's cool," said Leana, leaning in. "You could still tell me it's magic and I'd believe you."

They walked around, checking out all of the exhibits: platform cutaways, freight routes, a painting of a cargo container gliding beneath the ring, held up by magnets.

Pointing out an orbital that appeared to be on the underside of the ring, Johan said, "Imagine that view. Maybe our shuttle will be underneath so we can watch Maerun zip by."

"I want the top," Kepler countered. "I want to see Petralum up close."

"I don't know. I think Petralum will still be far away," said Johan. "We won't be that much closer so it might not look too different."

"I vote we ride on the side of the ring," Leana decided. "Best of both views."

"Do you think Quint is gonna build a ring around Purgis?" Kepler asked.

"Not alone," said Johan, voice thinning. He checked his watch. "We've got a little under an hour. Probably should start heading for the elevator." Johan flashed Kepler a cheerful smile. "I'm \textit{dying} to get up there."

Leana's glare sliced the smile off his face.

"Oh, sorry, Kep," Johan said quickly. "I didn't mean..."

"Yeah, let's go," Kepler cut in, looking him in the eyes and granting him a moment of grace. "We don't want to be late."

\threedots

The entrance to the elevator lounge was guarded by a velvet rope and another attendant. Kepler felt his heart heart thudding in his chest as they approached.

"Welcome," said the attendant, warmly. "May I please see your passes?"

Johan's grip on Leana's hand tightened as he held them up. The attendant examined each card, the metal whispering as she slid them into a neat stack.

She leaned toward Kepler, eyes kind. "First time?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"I remember mine like it was yesterday," she said. "I see you've got access to Bestrew Terminal. You're riding an orbital? Where are you headed?"

"Headed?" asked Kepler.

"Where are you getting off?" she clarified.

"Round trip," said Johan. "We're coming back here."

"Oh wow! So you're riding the Silver Nova!" she said excitedly, but dropping her voice, trying to stay professional. "I'm jealous. That's the best one."

"Why is it the best?" asked Kepler eagerly.

"Because most of the orbitals are just for getting somewhere fast. No windows. No nothing. Just buckle in and wait, like riding a Ghost. The Silver Nova is the only one at Bestrew that's for tourism. It's got windows, open cabins, games, and all kinds of fun stuff."

Kepler rocked onto his toes, words piling up faster than his breath.

"Do you want to know a secret?" she murmured to Kepler before he could speak.

He held his breath. "Yes, please."

"I hear your first orbital is the most magical if you don't know what to expect. Has anyone told you what it feels like?"

He shook his head no.

"Good." She winked. "Keep it that way."

"Yeah, that won't be a problem," said Johan. "You're the only person we've met who's actually been up there."

"I figured." She checked the clock above the doors. "Elevator 13 boards in about thirty minutes. Please make yourselves comfortable."

She unhooked the rope and bowed them through. "Enjoy your trip to Platform 20."

Inside the waiting area, passengers sprawled on couches as if they had all afternoon. A large metal door chimed, sighed open, unloaded, loaded, and vanished in under two minutes.

After waiting for what felt like an eternity, Kepelr heard another chime. A steward stepped out. "Now boarding elevator 13."

"Did you notice we're the only ones with luggage?" Johan said quietly as they joined the group heading to the elevator.

"Strange," said Leana.

A man in a charcoal coat glanced at their suitcase, then away. The steward's gaze flicked to it, unreadable, before he gestured them forward.

Inside the semicircular cabin of the elevator, curved rows of plush seats followed the arc of a large window. A young woman in a dress sat at a piano, delicately playing a quiet melody, the notes reverberating in the air.

The steward, whose name tag read \textit{Harris}, glanced at their passes and gestured towards the seats nearest the door. A wide aisle separated Johan from Leana and Kepler.

"You can get up once we're at speed," Harris said, noticing Kepler's apprehension at being separated. "First time?"

Kepler nodded, then let the seat hug him as he sat.

Johan affixed his suitcase into place against his seatback.

Harris turned a key at the rear, causing the door to hinge down from the ceiling, sealing with a squeak.

"Ladies and gentlemen," he said, "welcome aboard Tether 20. Lavatory, refreshments, and hors d’oeuvres are available in the back. Please remain seated until we reach cruising speed. We'll begin our ascent shortly."

He pressed a button labeled \textit{UP} and quickly took an empty seat behind Johan.

A flutter sank in Kepler's stomach as the elevator shot up. The pianist's tempo stuttered briefly against the force.

The elevator shot through the roof of Lekan Station and burst into daylight. Kepler squinted as Lykke unfolded below, rooftops and roads that quickly slid away beneath them. Pressure built in his ears as the weight eased off his chest.

Sensing the acceleration upward had stopped, Kepler craned his neck to look at Harris.

"Can I get up?" he asked.

"Be my guest."

Kepler jumped and hustled to the window, hoping to beat the other passengers, failing to notice the hush behind him. Most seatbacks were reclined, and eye masks hid many of the faces. The uncovered faces were disinterested in the view.

A descending elevator streaked past, a flash of silver that startled him enough to make him flinch.

The city shrank until it consisted only of toy blocks. Streets thinned into threads. Beyond, Maerun spread like a living map, rivers glinting like wires, forests smudged deep green.

Kepler heard his mother gasp as she approached the window. She slipped an arm around his shoulders and wiped a tear from her eye with a laugh. "We're only three minutes in and I'm already overwhelmed. And we're not even at the best part yet."

The piano drifted in the air behind them, intensifying the surreal view.

"I can't believe this is real," said Kepler.

A hand grabbed his other shoulder. Kepler looked up to see his father standing behind him, color draining from his face.

"You all right, Papa?" asked Kepler.

Johan swallowed. "Wow," he said, louder than he meant to. "We're really high up."

"I don't know how you pulled this off, Johan," said Leana, "or how many new experiences I can handle in one day, but this right here is incredible."

"Mm-hmm," muttered Johan, scanning the back of the elevator. "Sorry, I think I need a drink of water."

Kepler and Leana continued to stare out the window as Johan retreated to the back. Light flickered briefly as the elevator pierced through layers of thin clouds. The world below slowly transformed into a patchwork quilt of colors and textures. Fine details giving way to larger patterns.

"That storm looks really cool from up here," Kepler said, pointing to the horizon.

Towering cumulonimbus clouds billowed upward, their tops flattening to resemble anvils. Lightning flickered within, illuminating the storm in swift bursts.

Kepler slid down to the floor, resting his forehead against the cool glass, letting his breath fog the window. He traced the ever-changing view, hunting for details he might have missed.

The sky around them slowly faded, shifting from bright blue to a deep indigo. A strange tightness formed in Kepler's stomach, as though his insides had turned to liquid while the familiar hues bled into shades he'd never seen. He was traveling into darkness, looking down on the brightly lit world below.

Harris’s eyes crinkled as he tipped his chin at the window like he was letting Kepler in on a trick. "We've still got a ways to go and a lot more to see," he said, voice just above a whisper. "Keep an eye out, young man. You might catch a glimpse of something special soon, just—over—there," he said, pointing at a clear patch on the horizon.

Kepler's fingers drummed on the glass, his breath quickening as he scanned for the surprise. He thought that maybe the atmosphere in one direction had changed from blue to slightly gold. As if on cue, slowly at first, creeping up over clouds as far as he could see, Kepler caught a sliver of the massive planet that dominated their sky.

"Petralum," Kepler whispered, eyes wide.

Leana's hand flew to her mouth, her eyes widening in awe. "You were right, Kepler," she said. "It \textit{is} more beautiful from up here."

A pinprick brightened and slid across the sky toward them. No twinkle, just a clean glide.

"Excuse me, Harris. Do you know what that is?" said Kepler.

"You've got a keen eye," said Harris. "That, my boy is Snowtap."

Kepler squinted at the ‘star.’ "Really? I thought it was a \textit{ring}."

"It is," Harris said with a chuckle. "But it's not much wider than a highway. Do me a favor. Look down and try to find a road for me."

Kepler pressed his face to the window, realizing he could no longer see anything but a gray smudge where Lykke should be.

"I can't," he said.

"Exactly," said Harris. "And we're not even halfway up yet. Snowtap is farther away right now than that city you can barely see."

He spread his hands. "But because Snowtap is surrounded by the black void of space, we can catch sunlight glinting off of it from far away. That's what you're seeing over there."

"It's still smaller than I imagined," said Kepler.

"Maybe," said Harris with a shrug and a smile.

The sky above them continued to darken until it seemed that all of the daylight was below them. As they climbed higher, the slender thread of the orbital ring, along with Platform 20, came into view. Tiny at first, a mere dot against the backdrop of space.

"You'll want to return to your seats as we approach the platform," said Harris, making his way back to the rear of the elevator.

Kepler reluctantly moved away from the window and settled back into his seat. The deceleration was not subtle. It sent Kepler's stomach into his throat, like stepping off the bluff into the swimming hole near their house.

\textit{Coward}

Heat climbed his throat. His hand clenched, nails pressing half-moons into his palm as the word echoed in his head.

"Almost there," whispered Leana, squeezing Keplers hand and snapping him back to the present.

With a gentle shudder, the elevator came to a halt. The hull rang with a low grind as the elevator sealed against the platform. Air hissed, causing Kepler's ears to pop again.

"Ladies and gentlemen," said Harris, drawing it out, "welcome to Platform 20."

A metallic tang flooded the cabin as the seals finished locking. Weight shifted, just a hair, and through the window, something blinked by like a blade of light against the ring.

The elevator door lifted at last, and the passengers sprang back to life and exited the elevator.

Kepler wanted to run out and see, but two things kept him grounded in the elevator.

First, he had to wait for his father to finish untying his suitcase from his seat.

Second, gravity was still holding him down.

"Why aren't we floating?" he asked.