\newchapter{Lily, Again}
\lettrine[lraise=0.1]{L}{ily} had her hand up.

She had been holding it up for a little while now, patient as a schoolgirl, waiting for a break in the story that didn't seem to be coming. Johan was well into describing the sensation of the elevator doors opening when he finally caught the arm hanging in his peripheral vision.

He stopped mid-sentence. "Lily, what are you doing?"

"I got a question," she said.

"You don't have to raise your hand," said Johan affectionately, like this wasn't the first time. "I'm just yammerin' on. You can stop me whenever ya like."

"Okay," she said, lowering her arm.

"So," said Johan, leaning back and lacing his fingers together, looking quite pleased with himself. "I imagine you're wondering why Kepler wasn't floating."

Lily made a face. "No."

Johan blinked. "No?"

"No," she said. "I wanna know why they wouldn't let Grandma look at the dress."

The pleased look evaporated. Johan opened his mouth, closed it, and shifted his weight on the rock. He looked briefly like a man who had prepared a very thorough answer to a question nobody asked.

"Ah," he said.

"She just walked up and they said no," said Lily. "She didn't do anything wrong."

"No," Johan agreed. "She didn't."

"So why?"

Johan exhaled through his nose and looked out across the valley. "Well. It's complicated, Lily. Places like that, they're built for a certain kind of visitor. And sometimes, when you look like you might not belong, people make assumptions. Maybe they didn't trust us. Maybe the doorman thought we couldn't afford anything, and he didn't want to waste his afternoon. Maybe the other guests paid extra to keep a certain kind of crowd out. Keep it exclusive. Make themselves feel special."

Lily was quiet for a moment, studying the dry ground between her dirty boots.

"That ain't right," she blurted.

"No," said Johan. "It ain't."

She looked up at him. "But it's your story."

"What do you mean?" he asked.

"So you can tell it however ya want," said Lily. She straightened slightly, very sure of herself. "And Grandma just wanted a pretty dress to wear in space."

Johan looked at her for a long moment. A slow smile worked its way onto his face, the kind that started somewhere deep and took its time arriving.

"She did," said Johan. "So. What did it look like?"
 
Lily sat up straight, delighted by the assignment. "It was deep blue," she said without hesitation. "Like the sky right before it goes totally dark. And it had these tiny silver threads woven into it so when the light hit it, it shimmered, kind of like Petralum, actually. The neckline was like this—" she drew a wide, sweeping curve across her collarbone with both hands, "—and there were these small buttons down the back, like pearls, but not real pearls, more like sea glass that had been polished smooth. And the skirt part wasn't too big and wasn't too flat, it was just right, and it swished when she walked, and the sleeves were short with these little—"
 
"She looked beautiful," said Johan.
 
"—scalloped edges," Lily finished.
 
Johan pressed his mouth closed. Lily smoothed her jacket, satisfied.
 
"And you and Kepler," she interrupted, with a tone as if she had been thinking about this for a while but didn't think she'd get away with it, "were also dressed nicely. Kepler had a jacket. A good one. Dark green, with brass buttons, and it actually fit him."
 
"Is that so," said Johan.
 
"And you had a suit," said Lily. "A real one this time. And your hair was combed."
 
"My hair was combed in the original version," said Johan.
 
"Better, then," said Lily. "It was combed so it looked nice."

"What else ya got?" said Johan.

Lily spoke confidently, like a salesman about to seal a deal. "How many questions do I get?"

"As many as you need," he said. "We got nowhere to be. Just don't go changing the story too much."

She smoothed her jeans and clicked her boots together, knocking the mud off the inside of their soles. "Okay. Why wasn't Kepler floating? Since you brought it up."

Johan pointed a finger at her. "Glad you asked. So here's the thing. Being in space and being in orbit are two very different situations."

Lily squinted. "Aren't they the same?"

"Nope," said Johan. "Think of it this way. If you climbed a really, really tall ladder, all the way up past the clouds, past where the air thins out, right up into space... would you float?"

Lily thought about this. "Yes."
 
"No," said Johan, quickly. He paused. "That was rhetorical."
 
"Oh," said Lily.
 
"You'd fall back down," said Johan, moving on before either of them could linger on it. "You're in space, but gravity's still got hold of you. Now, the trick with floating is that you have to be going sideways so fast that by the time gravity pulls you down a little bit, the ground has curved away beneath you just as much. You're always falling, but you keep missing. That's orbit."

"Huh," said Lily.

"So Kepler's up on that platform, and yes, technically he's in space. But the platform is just sitting there, attached to the ring, attached to the cables, all the way down to the ground. He might as well be standing on a very tall mountain. Step off the edge, you'd fall straight down and hit Maerun like a bad idea."

Lily grimaced. "So when does he float?"

"Once he gets on the orbital and it gets movin'," said Johan. "Fast enough to catch that falling feeling and just... hold it there."

Lily turned this over in her mind, then chose to accept it. She filed it away with a firm little nod.

"Who's Quint?" she said.

Something passed across Johan's face. It wasn't quick enough to catch exactly, but it moved through him the way a cloud's shadow moves across an open field, there and gone, leaving everything a shade cooler than before. He shifted on the rock. Reached down and picked up a small stone, turned it over in his fingers once, then set it back down.

"Quint," said Johan, in the tone of a man choosing his words the way you choose footing on a wet path, "is a hero. Was a hero. Depending on who you ask and when."

"You don't look like you think he's a hero," said Lily.

Johan glanced at her sidelong. "I didn't say that."

"You did the thing with your mouth."

"What thing?"

"The flat thing," said Lily, pressing her own lips together to demonstrate.

Johan touched his mouth briefly, then dropped his hand. "Quint was brave, no question. He volunteered to make the first journey to Purgis, the other moon of Petralum. All by himself. Snowtap had been building up to it for years, and I mean \textit{years}. Billboards. Broadcasts. Whole festivals. The man was famous before he even left. There were songs about him."

"That's pretty cool," offered Lily.

"I suppose," said Johan. "The thing is, it was a one-way trip. No coming back. Once you're on Purgis, you're there. He'd have a beacon, a device for sending messages home, but even that had limits. The sky on Maerun is so bright, on account of Petralum hanging up there all the time, that you can't see a weak signal through all that light. The only times the beacon could be received were twice a year, when both moons were eclipsed together behind Petralum and the sky went properly dark."

"Twice a year," Lily repeated. "That's it?"

"That's it," said Johan. "One message every six months, if everything worked. If the beacon held up. If Quint held up."

He said the last part quietly, looking somewhere past the treeline.

Lily watched him. "And you don't think he made it."

"I didn't say that either," said Johan. He picked up the stone again, this time keeping it. "I'm just saying that maybe he was a bad influence and was romanticising the idea of leaving everyone and everything behind."

"Anyway," he said, his voice returning to its usual register, "all of this was happening the same day we were going up to Snowtap. His launch was from a different platform, so we wouldn't see it. But the whole station was buzzing about it. Felt like we'd wandered into someone else's party uninvited."

"That's why they wouldn't let you into the café," said Lily. "The celebrations."

"That's what the man said," Johan confirmed. "Big day for Snowtap. Bigger day for us, I thought, though I kept that to myself." He tossed the stone gently in his palm, caught it. "Any more questions before I carry on?"

"A few," said Lily.

"Of course," said Johan.

"Why didn't you want to sit by the window?"

Johan smiled, and this one was softer, more private. "I never said I didn't want to. I was just... cautious. I didn't want to embarrass myself. Once I settled in, though, I did make my way over."

He paused, and his gaze drifted somewhere well past Lily, back across the years.

"It was a long ride up," he said. "Longer than you'd think. And after the first few minutes, the scenery didn't change all that fast. So I sat back and just watched the sky from wherever I was. It didn't matter. You couldn't miss it. The blue outside the window was getting darker, so gradually that if you stared at it straight, you wouldn't notice. But if you closed your eyes for a little while, maybe half a minute, then opened them again..." He trailed off, shaking his head slowly. "You'd see it had shifted. Just a shade. Just enough."

"Darker how?" asked Lily.

"Darker like late evening becoming night," he said. "That slow, inevitable kind of dark. We were climbing up out of the light. Into the black." He was quiet for a moment. "I didn't know then what I know now, or I might have paid it more mind."

Lily was very still.

Johan blinked, and the distance went out of his eyes. "What I \textit{will} say is that I was also surprised by how small the ring looked when we got close. Kepler was, too, I think. You build something up in your imagination for so long, you forget that imagination has no sense of proportion. From the ground, Snowtap was invisible, right? Barely even a glint. And here we'd been thinking of it as this enormous... crown, floating up there above us. In truth, when we came up alongside it, it was more like a highway. Wide enough, yes. Long enough to bend out of sight. But modest. Quiet. Like it had nothing to prove."

"I think I'd've liked it," said Lily.

"I think you'd've loved it," said Johan.

A woodpecker started up somewhere deeper in the trees, a burst of hard knocks and then silence.

"Umm...," Lily said, looking at her hands, trying to remember her other questions. "Oh yeah. What's a sugar wig?"

A laugh burst out of Johan, short and warm and completely genuine. He rubbed the back of his neck like she'd caught him off guard, which she had.

"Now that," he said, "is the most important question you've asked all morning."

He sat forward, elbows on his knees. "Your great-grandmother Viv, she'd make them on special occasions. She'd heat up sugar in a pot on the stove until it melted down into this golden, bubbling caramel. Then she'd take a big spoon, dip it in, hold it up, and let the caramel start to drip off. Before it could fall, she'd catch the spoon between both palms and spin it, fast, like she was warming her hands. And the caramel would fling off in these long thin ropes that cooled almost before they landed. She'd gather them all up into a little pile."

Lily's nose wrinkled. "And that's a wig?"

"That's what \textit{she} called it," said Johan. "Though it looked a lot more like a bird's nest, to be honest. Except brown. And sweet. And considerably better than anything a bird has ever built."

"Is it like cotton candy?" asked Lily.

"Thicker," said Johan. "Cotton candy is like a cloud. A sugar wig is more like..." He searched. "Like if someone had taken a cloud and asked it to do a little more work. Like a thunder cloud."

Lily laughed, quiet and pleased.

"She'd make them for birthdays, mostly," said Johan. "Kepler would eat half of one and have to go lie down. That kid had no tolerance for sweets." He shook his head fondly.

A silence grew up between them, easy and warm, one that didn't need to be filled.

Lily watched Johan follow another hawk it until it banked away behind the ridge.

"Grandpa," she said.

"Yeah?"

She pulled her knees up to her chest and held them there, crossing her ankles. Her voice came out careful.

"Did Kepler die? People talk about him like he's dead."

Johan went quiet. His eyes stayed on the valley, on the green below them, on some particular and distant point that only he could see. He sat with the question. He needed to hold it for a moment before he could answer properly.

Then he smiled. It was a small smile, and a little sad, and also, somehow, something else. Something closer to pride.

"I suppose it depends on who you ask, when you ask, and how you ask 'em," he said.

Lily waited.

"As for me," said Johan, turning to look at her. He scrunched his face and bobbed his head slightly, unhappy with how he started his answer. "Let's just say that up to a certain point, at least, all I can do is tell you how he lived."

Lily held his gaze. For a moment she looked very young and very old at the same time, the way kids do when something true lands in them and they don't quite know where to put it yet. She pressed her lips together, not the flat skeptical line from before, but something quieter. Something like resolve.

She unfolded her legs and planted her boots back in the dirt.

"Okay," she said. "Then tell me that."