\newchapter{Platform 20}
\lettrine[lraise=0.1]{H}{arris} stood at the elevator door as the last of the passengers filed out. He was waiting patiently when Kepler's family reached him. With a smile, he pressed a small card into Johan's hand as he passed.

"Emergency information for Platform 20," he said. "You don't need it. People never do. But there it is, just in case."

"Thank you," said Johan, tucking the card into his jacket pocket.

Harris quickly turned his attention to Kepler. "As for you, Kepler, safe travels, young man. Remember, the air and the people are a little different up here. It's not uncommon for newcomers to get overwhelmed. Just don't forget to breathe."

"I won't," said Kepler.

"Of course not," said Harris with a wink as he turned to head back inside the elevator.

\threedots

Now. Since this is my story, and having been given certain creative liberties by a girl sitting on a rock somewhere far away in a different time, I feel it is only right to mention that as they stepped off that elevator and into the dim light of Platform 20, the Okab family turned heads and interrupted conversations.

Leana wore a twilight blue dress, with glistening silver threads. Her neckline swept in a generous arc, held by smooth sea glass pearl buttons down the back. Her skirt fell just right, such that it moved when she moved, making a quiet swish that she had not yet noticed.

Kepler's dark green jacket, fitted with brass buttons, each polished to a mirror finish, made him look like a boy who had been to a million such places and was not yet done with them. Kepler adjusted his cuffs out of habit, not effort. 

Johan wore a suit, of course. A real one. His hair was combed properly, which is to say that it had been combed and the result was good, and left alone after that. Even the rolling case at his side looked natural and not at all out of place.

Platform 20 had long awaited their arrival.

\threedots

The platform opened the way a tunnel ends: no warning, just darkness and then all of it at once, your lungs remembering themselves, your wish still warm on the back of your teeth.

It was not quite the same as Lekan Station, which was polished and deliberate, every surface saying \textit{look at what this cost}. Platform 20 was grand in its own way, quieter about it. The ceiling was interspersed with glass panes revealing the stars beyond, actual stars, motionless and sharp, pinned against a black so complete it made the gold light inside feel warmer by contrast. The floor resembled burnt stone shot through with slivers of glowing ruby filament, gently lighting the way. Occasional crystal chandeliers hung still, because there was no wind, because this was outer space and wind had not been invited, and yet somehow the soft light from them danced as if flickering with real flames.

Kepler stopped walking. He was not aware that he had stopped. His feet simply ceased to function as forward-moving instruments and became instead two anchors, dug in, while his eyes did all the work.

"Come on, dear," said Leana softly, having stopped just a few paces ahead.

The place was alive with people, beautiful people who had clearly dressed for the occasion. Gowns in colors Kepler didn't have words for. Suits with geometric lapels. The whole population of Platform 20 seemed to have agreed, collectively, that today required something more than their usual best. A string quartet played in an alcove behind a cascade of white flowers that had no business blooming at sixty miles above the surface of Maerun, and yet there they were, petals and all, oblivious to the impossibility.

Banners draped from the columns. \textit{Bon Voyage}. \textit{Quint}. \textit{Hero}. His face was everywhere, rendered in enormous photographic likenesses and illustrated portraits and once, memorably, in a cake.

"Quint's cake," said Desi.

Kepler's head turned just enough to reassure himself that Desi wasn't here, though the thought settled oddly in his gut, which grumbled unhappily with hunger.

"Papa," Kepler started, then stopped.

Johan was looking up at the ceiling. No. \textit{Through} the ceiling. His gaze was locked on the stars outside.

"I know," said Johan, without looking down.

They walked.

\threedots

The cafés along the perimeter were open, which is to say that the doors were ajar and the scent of fresh bread and something warm and buttered came through them in waves, but when the family slowed near one of the arched entrances, a man in a dark uniform materialized at the threshold.

"Unfortunately," he began sincerely, "we're operating as a private event space this afternoon for Quint's celebration. I'm sure you understand."

"Of course," said Leana.

Kepler said nothing, understanding that his pass wouldn't open all the doors but at least it had gotten him to the platform and \textit{will} get him on an orbital. He also understood that these were the rules of a game he had not been told he was playing.

What he didn't understand what he was seeing on the faces of the other people here. No one paused at the glass ceiling. No one pointed. One woman was desperately checking her nails beneath a sky full of stars. Any excitement appeared to be a result of the festivities for Quint's voyage instead of the spectacle of their surroundings. Everyone was walking around oblivious to the miracle just outside, to which Kepler took great offense.

They walked on.

Behind a bank of tall onyx columns, a sign for the restrooms caught Kepler's eye. His stomach answered before he did, a long, low sound that he felt more than heard.

"I need to go," he said.

"Do you want me to take your backpack?" asked Leana.

"I got it," said Kepler, turning away naturally, already moving.

Leana let him go. Johan didn't look up, his eyes tracking the corridor markings overhead, mapping the way to Bestrew Terminal.

The restroom was vaulted and amber-lit, its walls dressed in the same dark stone as the corridor, its fixtures polished to a mirror finish that reflected Kepler back at himself from three directions at once. It was empty except for the smell of cedar and something floral he couldn't name.

Kepler chose the furthest stall, locked it, dropped his backpack from his shoulder, and sat down inside.

His hands were in his jacket pocket before he had made any conscious decision to put them there. The napkin, warmed by his body, unfolded without ceremony.

He ate the nut clusters first. All of them, one after another, not quickly enough to be frantic but quickly enough that he didn't taste the second one. The sugar wigs went next. He was gentler with those, not out of restraint but out of respect, pulling apart the smashed amber threads to look closer to the way Grandma Viv had spun them, feeling them dissolve the moment they touched his tongue. He ate every last crumb.

He sat with the empty napkin for a moment.

Then he reached into his backpack and unwrapped the fudge, which had settled in the bottom next to his compass.

The butterscotch hit him like a memory he hadn't made yet. He ate it in four bites. The last one he held in his mouth longer than the others, eyes closed, letting it finish. He swished his saliva back and forth to capture the remnants stuck in his teeth and cheeks.

Kepler folded both napkins neatly and tucked them into his jacket pocket, stood up, shouldered his backpack, and walked out to wash his hands of the unsavory business he had attended to.

\threedots

On the way to the escalator, the floor changed.

It happened gradually, the pale stone giving way to something darker, and then to something else entirely: a section of floor made entirely of glass, clear as nothing, through which Platform 20 dropped away and Maerun hung below, very far below, patient and blue and enormous and completely indifferent to whether Kepler fell toward it or not. The clouds were now casting long sharp shadows onto each other, no longer a sea of benign cotton balls.

Kepler stopped.

His whole body stopped.

"Would you look at that," said Johan, stepping confidently out onto it, as though he had not yet fully processed what he was standing on. The glass gave a faint tick under his weight.

The platform tilted.

It didn't, of course. The platform was, structurally speaking, in excellent shape. But Kepler's inner ear had made a very reasonable error given the available information. His stomach agreed, and the result was a lurch so complete it traveled from his feet to the back of his skull in under a second.

He grabbed for his mother's arm.

\textit{You're not scared, are you?}

Cynthia's voice. Not loud. Just present, the way it sometimes was, surfacing at the exact wrong moment from wherever he kept it.

\textit{C'mon. Don't be such a coward.}

"Kepler?" Leana had both hands on his shoulders. "Hey. Look at me."

He looked into her steady eyes, green in the amber light. She was not letting go.

"Don't forget to breathe, right?" she asked and answered, reassuring herself as much as Kepler.

He breathed in through his nose. Then out. The platform un-tilted.

"I won't," said Kepler, his eyes as wide and wild as Petralum itself.

"I know," she said, but kept one hand on his arm.

Seeing no other way to get to the escalator, Kepler took a small step onto the glass, confirmed its integrity, then another.

Before they were even half-way across the glass floor, Kepler's feet and legs had made peace with it. He imagined himself sleeping on a fluffy glass pillow, waking up to find himself floating above the city below. He almost didn't want it to end.

The escalator disagreed, carrying him away regardless, up and up, until the glass was behind him and something else was ahead.

Large silver letters, backlit by a soft golden glow, \textit{Bestrew Terminal} hanging above a grand archway, casting long warm shadows down the wall behind them.

Johan’s shoulders dropped about two inches when he read them, releasing the breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding. "We made it," he said, and the relief in his voice was so genuine and so large that Kepler almost laughed.

They passed through the archway.

The terminal was quieter than the rest of the platform, or rather it was a different kind of busy, a concentrated kind. People here sat with their passes in their laps and their hands folded and their eyes on the large window at the far end of the room, through which something absolutely spectacular waited.

Kepler went straight to the window.

It was not what he had expected. In the book his grandmother had given him, the orbital was illustrated in cutaway diagrams and exploded-view schematics, which are fine for understanding mechanisms but poor for understanding beauty. The Silver Nova was silver, truly and completely silver, with long arching windows set in a body that curved like a wave at the moment before it breaks. It floated above the ring with an improbable stillness.

A flash of light blurred past behind it, there and gone in a moment that Kepler's brain refused to fully process.

Another orbital. It must have been. Moving so fast it had been a smear and then nothing.

Kepler pressed his fingers to the glass.

The clock on the wall above the Silver Nova's boarding door read: twenty-two minutes.

"Kep," called Johan. "Come here a moment."

\threedots

His father had commandeered a table near the center of the terminal and was already unpacking. The backpack had yielded a bag of white powder, a bottle of water, and some syringes. The briefcase sat open beside them, and inside, the miniature laboratory Kepler had been hearing of for months sat in its case: a wooden base, six holes bored into it, three glass jars screwed down with their own buttons and hoses and knobs. Inside each jar, a needle and a bent metal arm stood waiting.

Kepler eyed the clock.

Nineteen minutes.

"Do you want to see how it works?" Johan asked.

Kepler looked at the window.

"Sure," he said.

"I'm going to need more than that," said Johan, not unkindly. "I may actually need your help once we're on the orbital, so you should understand a few quick things."

Kepler turned away from the window. "Okay. Sorry."

Johan began.

"Our goal is \textit{simply} to grow crystals," he said. "It's genuinely not complicated, but it is specific, and specific matters."

He held up the bag of powder. "Think of this as a type of salt. We're going to dissolve it in the water, but water at room temperature can only hold so much before it refuses any more. So we heat it up first, let it accept more salt than it normally would, then cool it back down slowly, so the salt stays dissolved even after we cool it."

"Okay," said Kepler.

Johan's eyes lit at the edges. "At that point it's what we call supersaturated. The solution is holding more than it can comfortably manage, and it's not happy about it. It's just waiting for an excuse to kick out the salt."

"What kind of excuse?"

Johan leaned forward. "One grain. Drop a single grain of the original salt into the solution and the whole thing collapses at once. Everything that's been held in suspension falls out and crystallizes together, instantaneously, around that seed. You'll see it happen and your first thought will be that it's played a trick on you."

He spread his hands like the crystal was blooming between them.

Kepler forgot, briefly, to check the clock.

"What does it look like?" he asked.

"That's precisely what we're here to find out!" said Johan excitedly. "We have no idea what will happen without gravity oppressing the ritual. Different trials, different durations. Six syringes, three jars, twelve runs." He pointed to the equipment in order. "Syringes go into the warming holes. Then we prime the arms with a grain of salt. Set the needles up by pulling them to position. Screw the jars down. On the orbital, once we're in zero gravity, we inject the solution through the hose, let it form a sphere around the needle, wait for it to cool, then trigger the arm."

"And why are we doing this?" asked Kepler.

"That's a great question," said Johan. "Nobody knows. We have no idea if the crystals we bring back are going to be useful for anything. This experiment is about exploration and trying something new, hoping for new results. There's a pretty good chance actually that none of it amounts to anything besides a paper about the properties of crystals formed in zero gravity, tucked away on a shelf in the library."

Fifteen minutes on the clock.

Kepler noticed that his father was watching him, waiting for a reaction.

"Can I push the trigger that makes it become a crystal?" Kepler asked.

"That's exactly what I was going to ask," said Johan.

\threedots

Not far from them, another kid stood at the window. About Kepler's age, finely dressed, watching the Silver Nova alongside the other passengers in waiting. He glanced over, caught Kepler's eye, and wandered across.

"Is this your first time?" the boy asked.

"Yeah," said Kepler. "You?"

"Yeah," said the boy. "We just got off a little bit ago." The ease in his voice hit Kepler somewhere between the shoulder blades. "This might be the best day of my life, so far."

Eleven minutes.

"What was it like?" asked Kepler.

The boy's face changed. The casual facade cracked a little and something genuine came through.

"You know that feeling right before you fall asleep," he said, "where your body does that drop?"

"Yeah," said Kepler.

"It's like that, but it doesn't end, and you're also flying." He used his hands to demonstrate something slow and spiral. "You can flip and turn and go wherever you want. Everything floats with you. Don't jump too fast at first, though. It's easy to get going too fast. I'll show you."

The boy crouched low, winding up.

"You know when you jump..."

The boy jumped.

"...how you have to catch yourself when you come back down?"

His arms went wide to exaggerate steadying himself.

"It's the exact same, except now the floor is the ceiling and you have to spin yourself around or you're catching yourself with your head."

The boy windmilled his arms around until he was looking at Kepler upside down.

Kepler laughed, genuinely.

"My parents say we're going to come back every year," the boy added, straightening back out.

The laugh tapered. Kepler’s smile lingered a second too long, then slipped.

"That would be amazing," said Kepler, meaning it, swallowing the rest.

Maybe the boy seemed to sense something, or maybe he didn't. "Enjoy every second," he said, noticing his parents signaling for him. "The ride was over before I knew it. It's way too short." Before the two could exchange pleasantries, the boy drifted off, unceremoniously, towards his waiting parents, looking like he had everywhere to be and no reason to hurry.

Kepler looked back at the window, focusing too closely, and caught the reflection of another Quint banner.

The Silver Nova waited.

Petralum had climbed high above the horizon, massive and unhurried, its bands of orange and white and gold laid across the void like brushstrokes. Kepler swore it looked a little bigger from up here. Definitely. The ring of Snowtap curved away from the terminal in both directions, stretching out of sight. Not much, compared to what he had imagined. Not much, compared to everything.

Five minutes on the clock.

Behind him, his father had loaded the last syringe into its warmer and was fastening the briefcase. His mother stood near the boarding door, jacket straight, eyes wide, watching Kepler at the window.

Kepler thought about Cynthia. He almost always did, in moments like this, moments that felt like they needed witness. He thought about the envelopes in his pocket, syrup-sticky and crumpled, addressed to her in his grandmother's hand and Desi's wayward scrawl. He had no time now to work on his own letter to Cynthia. He'd have to write it when they got back off the orbital.

\textit{How cool she would think this was. Maybe Papa would have invited her, too. No, Papa would have brought Desi. Desi! Here?! Desi would be losing her mind up here.}

The boarding door hissed.

"Ladies and gentlemen," announced the steward. "Boarding for The Silver Nova will begin shortly. You may wish to use the restrooms, as there are none inside and no stops for the next three hours."

Kepler scanned his body, a quick bladder check. All systems GO.

Leana was looking at him across the terminal with a small, private smile, the one that had no agenda. He crossed toward her. She offered him her hand without a word, and he took it.

"Ready?" she asked.

The hair on the back of his neck sizzled and he felt a wave of goosebumps ripple across his skin.

Outside, Snowtap curved away. A silent road disappearing into the dark.

"Yeah," he said. "Let's go."